Why not research thorium nuclear power plants as an energy alternative. (In combination with molten salt reactor)
One of the great unknowns for the future: How many will we be in the world in 2050, in 2100 and in 2200?
How can science ensure that there will be enough drinking water in the future?
How can we better predict the weather?
If it pops, does the whip actually pass through the sound barrier?
Can there be a cure for cold sores?
Can simulations of the future be made?
Will robots take our place?
How does the human body function?
Why are emotions important?
How do we also convince citizens of a rational antibiotic policy to prevent multi-resistant micro-organisms? Will we all die again from "ordinary" infections?
How can we ensure that the growing world population can have an acceptable quality of life and that nature, biodiversity, fauna and flora can be protected and preserved? Is a new behavioral / econ. model globally possible?
Should science transcend commercial and regional interests and serve all of humanity?
Do animals have feelings and can they think? For example, do they fall in love? Do they also look at the appearance of 'their partner'?
How do migraines originate?
When are you Flemish? What is identity?
How long will it take before the oceans are cleaned up? Isn't all the waste in the sea a new phenomenon?
Will Religions Ever Die Out?
How can we ensure less particulate matter in the air?
In what language does someone who was born deaf dream? Does such a person dream at all?
When will there be a good alternative to the pill? Preferably something that has no side effects such as lowering libido, or causing depression, headaches and acne.
Is it possible to let the brain survive when the body dies?
I am transsexual and would like to have a baby myself, I want to have a child myself, but I cannot succeed through adoption because of my husband's background, how far are people with a uterus transplant?
Why does energy science not think of thorium as a solution to the energy problem?
What is the temperature (Celsius) in the cosmos inside & outside the sunbeam beam?
In the context of the disastrous overpopulation of our planet: can we reduce human fertility to, for example, once a year?
What is the minimum speed to get a civilian aircraft into the airspace?
Are there still scientists interested in the spiritual? For example, what happens when one dies? Or is everyone convinced that death is dead?
How do we ensure that fewer children leave secondary education without a diploma?
How old can a person ever get? Does eternal life exist?
How can we reduce loneliness in our society?
Why are the current rechargeable batteries so bad?
Will we ever be able to visit or receive alien life?
Why can't we measure pain?
When will we see self-driving cars driving through the Flemish cities?
Who owns personal data? The persons themselves?
Is there no pill instead of sun cream that protects you from the sun's rays?
Why really do it against diesel cars?
What is consciousness? Do our brains produce consciousness, or could it function as a kind of television that captures "consciousness", and so can "consciousness" survive when brains are dead? Is this theory laughed at or investigated?
Can't we make self-learning traffic lights?
will there be a point in the near future when people with celiac disease will be able to eat normally again?
Why is it so difficult to live and work elsewhere (other continents)?
Self-learning robots, can they ever become so smart that they learn for themselves that humanity is one of the major brakes on efficiency?
Is there already evidence of chance and how it works exactly?
Why are the existing nuclear power plants not being converted into Thorium power stations?
Why does Flanders have so few windmills for energy generation?
Will the black bees ever disappear, stay or find a middle ground somewhere?
How many inhabitants can the world handle?
What was there for the big bang?
What is harmful about nuclear radiation? What are the exact effects on the body (details of the effects on the molecules)? Compare the health effects caused by CO2 emissions from gas and coal-fired power stations
what is the probability that there is another planet with inhabitants exactly like the earth?
People are growing generation after generation. How tall will my rear-back-back-great-great-grandchildren be?
How can we solve the problem for people who can no longer get started because of work after what remains after the robotisation requires a higher IQ. Not everyone can become a programmer or computer builder.
Why can't we cure diseases by replacing incorrect DNA?
Windmills change the climate?
I live in the municipality of Linter and the hamlet of hovering I have been told that there is a saint here who does less rain here, but it is true that there is indeed less rain than in the hamlets so it rains 5 km away and before
How do you live healthy
How can you prove that the Earth is round without using assumptions or theories.
Why is there no medicine for a cold sore?
More and more windmills are being built on land and sea. What will this do to our climate?
Is there any medication for people who have CFS and FYBRO that are accompanied by severe attacks such as trembling fainting erratic behavior
When a large-scale campaign to raise funds for research into brain deterioration such as Parkinson et al.
Can a giraffe swim?
How harmful / unhealthy it is to live near / under high-voltage cables for adults and children.
After a nuclear disaster, radioactive particles can be spread by the wind up to tens of kms. But how far does direct radiation from nuclear fuel reach if it is exposed in nature? (if it is not hindered by concrete)
Why are so few girls choosing to study technology?
Large dog breeds are known to die faster because their hearts `` need to work more. '' does this also apply to big people vs small people?
How did man discover how to reproduce? It takes about 9 months between fertilization of an egg and delivery. Still not easy to make that connection.
I think humanity will cease to exist in a distant future because humanity will no longer be able to reproduce itself (sperm quality of the man, ..) rather than through war, floods, .. What does science think about that?
Pigeons, among others, move their heads forwards and backwards when walking. How come? Is there a reason for this?
In what sense does the degree of consciousness within 'cause' and 'effect' in spacetime have an effect on the formation of logic in the methodology for the construction of particles at subatomic level, and how does imaginary spacetime play a role in this?
How harmful is particulate matter to our health?
Why is a sloping roof usually chosen instead of a flat roof? If we plant greenery on this flat roof, and thus place different houses next to each other (terraced houses), will we give nature back what we buy them?
Will science ever succeed in regrowing broken cilia so that hearing loss after noise trauma can be repaired / improved?
Provide proof of the Riemann hypothesis, or put me on the right track.
Is the space infinitely large?
What came first on Earth?
Is there life outside the earth?
Can we solve the rise in sea level by pumping massive water into quenched volcanoes, causing the water to disappear back into the core of the earth
How fertile is the soil on Mars, and how easily could we put greenhouses there in the future?
Why don't spiders clean up their old webs, it could still bring them a lot.
How can we convince all people to stop using the car for commuting?
How do scientists know exactly how many electrons, protons and neutrons are made up of each atom?
How do snowdrops know when to bloom after winter
What is the best form of government to achieve a policy that respects the will of the majority?
Will there be flying cars in 10 years and more?
Super wood can now be manufactured, why can't we find it yet, what are the prices and why has no company been started up in Belgium yet?
Does your sleeping position affect what you dream?
Money is always being collected for African countries and countries that are always hit by natural disasters, but I never notice any progress. Is anything effective with all this money?
Do we live in a simulation?
Will we ever be able to distinguish between soot particles from stoves and cars in body fluids?
To what extent can parallel universes exist?
What is your opinion on the fermiparadox?
Can't build air purification stations just like there are water purification stations
How can the turning of the wheels of an electric car be used to charge the battery?
Why are so many climate scientists and so few scientists offering solutions for global warming?
Why do we no longer focus on a combination of sea water desalination and hydrogen production?
how do you get rid of high blood pressure
Instead of putting life jackets under the seats in passenger aircraft, I wonder if ejection seats would not save more people?
What Causes CFS Fybromyalgia?
many people used to have large earlobes. it seems to me that those earlobes are getting smaller or even completely gone. How come ?
How do scientists know exactly how many electrons, protons and neutrons are in each atom?
What is the cause of chronic pericarditis?
Isn't right-wing priority bad for the environment?
Why does the government sponsor driving on petrol instead of diesel where diesel engines give euro 6 better results than petrol? More petrol engines is more CO2 because petrol engines consume more than the same diesel engines. ?????
What is the use of ice?
How can the government DO reduce poverty by half?
Why are hydrogen engines not promoted. Has been around for several decades, but what is the threshold?
How did Scott and Amundsen know exactly where the exact South Pole was located?
Why isn't there nothing?
Why can't a promising cancer drug be used on a terminal cancer patient who asks for or gives permission? He / she has nothing to lose anyway. Now it takes years for a drug to hit the market.
Is research being conducted in Belgium into the cause of Sarcoidosis? Why is this multisystem disease not tackled multidisciplinary?
Which substance can succeed in breaking down plastic, either in nature or in a more controlled recycling process. Does it work on land as well as in water? Are there any harmful consequences for our infrastructure?
Earth orbits the sun in a certain orbit. How much must the mass of the Earth change so that its orbit would change, and are there interventions that man or nature can do to change the mass of the Earth?
Why is there no vaccine against Lyme disease yet?
Why can light shine through a glass plate and not through a metal plate, for example?
What will our planet look like in 2100?
What will our planet look like in 2100?
Can you insulate an outside wall with plants?
Why are politicians needed? Why don't we put professors, scientists, economists, doctors, etc. to work to run our country as if it were a business?
What is the use of yawning?
What will the future look like for our children?
Will we ever be able to cure autoimmune diseases and is there enough research into less known variants?
When will there be a decent medicine against psoriasis. Why isn't more research being done on immunity issues?
How is it that a fly or other insect can float and fly around in a moving car, without smacking it against the rear window while the car is moving?
Is nuclear fusion a sustainable solution as a new energy source?
I've always heard knives get dull when left in your dishwater. How did that happen?
How could metal be made transparent?
How has the average temperature of the earth been measured as a reference, in connection with global warming.
How large must a substance be to transition from quantum properties to Newtonian properties / laws?
How can we make more scientists enthusiastic about science communication?
Will we ever be able to cure brain diseases like MS?
As the Earth continues to warm, certain areas become uninhabitable. But are there not going to be large habitable areas such as the poles, Siberia, Greenland? Or will they be flooded?
Why is it so difficult to find a cure for HIV? One can ensure that the virus is undetectable but not curable. Is there more profit to be made with HIV inhibitors than with an effective medicine?
why don't they get more drinking water from sea water?
Why do most people have prejudices before you can defend (explain)?
If there is one thing in abundance on our planet, it is ... WATER. British team had an efficient way to make seawater drinkable years ago. Why still drinking water shortages? Why not collect millions of liters of glacier water in container ships?
Why not Thorium Nuclear Power Plants? (Thorium can be found in abundance, no CO2 emissions)
Money makes you happy until a certain threshold is reached. Why do people always want more money?
How come it is often morning and evening (clearer) sun and more clouds during the day.
Why does one tree lose leaves faster than another in autumn? What is the mechanism behind this?
How does the space end and what is behind it?
The Earth orbits around the sun in a year. Why is it that planets stay neatly in orbit around the star and do not come closer to that star in a spiral motion or 'fly' further away from it?
Is the world real?
Is the current policy regarding the recreational & medicinal use of the marijuana plant scientifically substantiated?
What do "people" who have never seen "feel" something?
How do we curb exponential population growth in the world?
Is the Belgian monarchy not a violation of human rights, since it is still discrimination on origin?
Why do so many people today suffer from irritable bowel syndrome?
What is the use of the fact that a natural person owns billions of euros or dollars. These are 2500 houses with land, from 400,000 €. Would humanity manage to question this.
Will we ever be able to upload our consciousness?
Is there a neuron stimulating drug?
In some animals (eg the parrot) the eyes are on either side of the head, how can they synchronize those 2 completely different images?
When will we reach the tipping point for the liveability of our planet?
Does meditation affect the brain?
IS CO2 pollution?
How far are Belgian scientists with the CRISPR / Cas9 technology?
The universe cannot be infinite. Can we ever find out where and how it ends? And how can we know if a star that we see here still exists today?
Why don't we use excess green energy to produce hydrogen?
If there is another massive extinction wave on Earth, which species of life has the greatest chance of surviving and growing into a new dominant species?
Could it be because by producing building materials and constructing buildings, we change the weight and course of the earth so that the earth tilts and thereby the climates change?
If the ball is kicked to the left instead of the right at the kick-off of a football match, will we see a completely different match?
Is living in a house with a mobile phone mast harmful to you in the long term?
My 11-year-old son (who himself suffers from "Duchenne's Disease" which confronts him with countless questions) recently asked himself at what height, measured from the surface of the earth, a compass no longer represents the North. I would not know !
Do plants feel pain
What is the most environmentally friendly speed for a car?
Do the pheromones of the man change after years of living together because the intestinal flora of the partners increasingly gets the same composition?
Plants understand what you say
Plants understand what you say
Mobility - but we spend a little longer in traffic jams every month. We will all stand still at this speed within 10 years! What is the solution? More roads ?? Other cars ?? What the PRACTICAL and FEASIBLE possibilities ??
An asap study of the effects of diesel soot in the urine of children (recent PANO broadcast (March 2018), in collaboration with Greenpeace, demonstrated this in school children).
Silent wall around noisy environments?
What is dark matter and how does it keep our universe in balance?
How do you measure ice layers that have melted?
How will we deal with indifference in the future?
Why don't we use thorium reactors as an energy source?
Has there ever been a human on The Moon? If so, proof!
South vs north pole of celestial bodies
there are too many people in the world, how can we reduce this?
If the earth is a sphere, why is the horizon - both on the beach and 23 high in a flat - at eye level?
Will there be a day when humans become resistant to antibiotics?
Where does the pursuit of (economic) growth come from? Is that something innate in human nature or a cultural-social phenomenon? Is a social system conceivable or workable without systematic growth?
how do you recognize science? how can science convince people? what is the difference between science and fake news, belief ,?
What are the consequences if the entire human energy demand of the whole world is met with geothermal energy? How long will the Earth's magnetic field remain if we do or do not do this? Is geothermal energy renewable?
Why is it that in cross-pollination, eg of an apple tree by ornamental apples, the fruit has no features of the pollinator?
How important is originality in science? And how do you predict the level of groundbreaking of an idea?
Would it be possible to build a communication device via quantum entanglement with which one can make an extremely secure connection in real time with a 2nd device that we can place anywhere in the solar system, or on Earth?
Why do we have so much light pollution?
How can wealth be distributed more fairly?
How far has science progressed with clean and verifiable nuclear fusion research?
How do we narrow the gap between rich and poor?
What is the meaning of life
Traffic jams: review spatial implementation plans?
Is wireless electricity feasible?
Why is it so difficult for many Islamic countries to implement the Universal Declaration of Human Rights? Why do they go no further than the Cairo Declaration, which subordinates human rights to Sharia?
How big is the internet?
Are BEN homes like this? (BEN = almost energy neutral)
Why are there no more scientific programs on public broadcasting.
Compensate for the environmental impact of air travel?
Can we think of green energy-producing systems to which electric household appliances can be directly connected, so that people are no longer dependent on large energy suppliers?
What still stands in the way of the mass production of the hydrogen combustion engine in the car?
How do you recycle solar panels?
Why don't you see modern watermills?
Questions about taking iodine tablets during a nuclear disaster
Windmills: horizontal or vertical axes
Is offering a marten house in my garden a good way to keep them away from my attic?
In what language do deaf born people think?
Is there an ideal schedule for working in a shift system in a place that is open day and night, including weekends and holidays?
What is dark energy and dark matter?
what is LIFE? is it different in people, animals, plants? is there any further evolution than 'people'?
What is the consequence for our food supply of the disappearance of flying insects? Is the statement that there are fewer and fewer flying insects? Can this be demonstrated by reduced sales of vehicle windscreen washer?
Is it true that cancer cannot survive in an alkaline environment?
Are there no positives to global warming?
How can science help to solve the major asbestos problem? Flanders is full of it, I am concerned for the health of many, including my two young children.
Is your smartphone dangerous?
Will there ever be a drug invented for "cancer"?
How can we, as a healthcare institution, contribute to the reduction of air pollution or evolve into a CO2 neutral organization?
Why do people always turn up their music when they like to hear a song?
What happens to the coffins after a cremation?
Knowing that we have to import 75% of our food (in Belgium), could the pollution from transport not be prevented by limiting the number of Belgians to 25% of the current number?
Is natural evolution going fast enough to follow all the changes?
We are getting older, so people also stay active longer. Does this not mean that new young ideas will be blocked in the long term? How should we deal with the growing generation gap?
How can we best store renewable energy?
How will the problem with the increasing influx of immigrants solve the problem? They undermine our freedom and our living standards.
Flames! Why do we see them? Are they always warm, visible?
Is there already a remedy / vaccine to permanently remove herpes (cold sores)?
Substantial progress has already been made with hydrogen as an alternative energy source. Why does the transition from petrol / diesel to hydrogen not follow faster?
How does the sun work?
During the breast examination, the breasts are pushed very hard between 2 plates. When I had to pick a tooth, they took a picture of my teeth with a scanner that went around my face. Why can't such a thing be done for breast examination?
why can't CO2 purification plants be built along busy points or schools?
Why isn't Flemish science working on adequate tunnel air purification plants?
Why isn't science working to limit the speed of cars?
Suppose you can make a hole right through the earth and you drop a marble in it, does it hang in the middle?
medical science finds heavy metals in the brain in all Alzheimer's patients, with chelation therapy I have been able to eliminate them via the urine and as a result my memory has healed, is science prepared to test this out in others?
Why isn't science doing (even) more to convince our policy makers that global warming requires drastic measures?
How should we imagine the infinity of the universe? Like an ant who doesn't realize there's a world outside the forest?
Is 'beam me up scotty' possible? Can one teleport a person?
If 'street canyons' have a huge impact on air quality and noise, why isn't science working on solutions?
Science has now shown how poorly we are in Flanders in terms of air quality and noise. When do effective solutions come?
Can you get rid of nitrogen dioxide (NO2, NOx)?
How can the transition to sustainable self-sufficient agriculture in Europe be made?
Why don't we build runways with built-in engines or lift the planes when taking off?
Much is known about the causes of baldness in men, but what stands in the way of a solution? Will there be bald men by 2030?
What if curious science dared test draining alien heavy metals in patients with memory problems because it has already proven that they are found in the brain in all Alzheimer's patients? Denise V.W.
Can scientists please develop a FILTER or FILTER SYSTEM to place on any chimney where wood is burned as this is very harmful to the environment and global warming. Thanks
Why do we wear sunglasses?
Why isn't more research being done in the seas instead of the universe?
Why do you see the sky "ripple" in (very) warm weather just above the horizon or eg cars, asphalt road?
nuclear waste is the problem of the future. What does or can science do to give this a solution?
Can a medical solution be found to stop the growth of white / gray hair at a young age?
We know that air pockets occur higher in the air = plaasis where there is no air, so that an airplane suddenly falls down. Can air pockets also occur on the ground floor, so that we can suffocate if we end up in this?
I suppose the centrifugal force of the Earth is much greater at the equator than at the poles, why don't I feel any difference standing there?
How do we get politicians (and cabinets, government services) to really act in the interests of citizens, society and the future?
How do we move from efficient technologies to effective greenhouse gas emission reductions?
How reliable (eg expressed in%) are the current lie detectors? To what extent can this technology be refined or possibly based on other methods to determine whether someone is lying?
What is consciousness?
Is it possible to transport electricity by air so that we never run out?
An effective drug for fibromyalgia and tytanie.
Can meditation help cultivate exceptional mental well-being?
Why Eastern and Western Europe and not just Europe? And why 'Eastern Block' but not 'Western Block'?
How do robotics and technological innovation affect social life?
Why do grown-ups fight for peace?
What are the causes of chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE) and how can we develop a treatment or medicine?
It is often stated that left-handed people are more analytical than right-handed people. Is that right? And why is that?
How large was the core of the Big Bang and what did it consist of?
How fast (in km / h) does our Earth rotate on the surface? In other words how fast do we rotate around the axis of the earth?
How fast does Earth orbit the sun? In km / h please.
Is there evidence that living in the vicinity of a contaminated piece of land that has been proven to be contaminated with too high a PCB content (copper, lead and zinc) is at increased risk of diseases such as ALS, Parkinson's and Alzheimer's?
Why are people, people? Why have people been able to develop by originally abandoning things from nature. Other animals could have done that too.
How can the ABSOLUTE speed of light c be reconciled with E = mc2? Is the formula still relevant enough? Is c still considered the ABSOLUTE speed of light? Is it possible that a photon traveled billions of years without interaction?
Is there sufficient research into autoimmune disorders? Because: why does a body suddenly attack? What makes the immune system run wild? How do we remove the cause and not just the symptoms?
What are the basic components of the universe?
DNA is the carrier of hereditary information, but what about this in the brain? On what medium is information stored in our brain?
What is the biological basis of creativity?
Why in our country are diseases such as Lyme disease, CFS, fibromyalgia, ... still written off as psychosomatic, while it has been raining for years from the US to China from studies showing how, excusez le mot, that is backward?
How did water get to Earth?
Our efforts regarding fine dust and pollution are important to everyone. But does this make sense to know that old polluters (diesel cars-trucks) are exported en masse to distant countries?
In X years, robots and AI will take over most of the work. We humans can then receive a basic income for living and leisure. Who studies this international scenario? How big is X ?? How do we solve transition problems?
How did construction workers in the Middle Ages ensure that the floors in a castle were level everywhere? There was no spirit level or water hose, let alone laser level, to mark the pass line through the entire castle.
Why is most of the research done in a completely uncoordinated manner in separate cells that would have gone much further if they worked together in an integrated way?
Is there life in the universe?
Why don't we stay small?
Why do we burn our hand when we spill coffee on it, but not our mouth when we drink it?
How can we best prepare Belgium [Flanders / Wallonia] for an upcoming sea level rise and flood risk?
Is there a place in the room where it is absolutely dark? (without stargazers)
Can you make a teletime machine?
Does it now make sense to eat organic 1) for our health 2) for the environment?
Hormone disruptors: what is the effect on our health? And on our children's? Should we avoid them? And how do you do this best?
Will there be a cure for cancer? How can we prevent war? Can robots use in the military? Are all animals going to die out?
Wouldn't there be a solution to clean the inside of roller shutters? There should be a system that cleans the roller shutter as soon as you either raise it or lower it.
In what way will we ensure that everyone, more and less gifted, gets to work ... in such a way that everyone can guarantee their own living?
Is it really that difficult to get CO2 out of the air?
How can we continue to meet our enormous demand for energy in the future without continuing to poison the world with CO2 and other greenhouse gases.
Where does the sound of the voice in your head come from, the voice that can only be heard by yourself. Does that sound come from a throat with vocal cords or does it come from speakers in the head?
Would animals ever get bored?
How long will our species survive here on earth?
why are so many animals still used in laboratories?
How do we ensure that we remain healthy critical of new technological developments (especially AI)?
How does a dog know from an early age to look straight into your eyes?
Where was all the energy and matter for the 'big bang'?
A solution for the ever increasing waste mountain?
Why do more and more thick black hairs appear in the eyebrows with age, does everyone have that and does this point to certain things?
Why is there so much theft and blackmail in academia that even doctoral studies are stolen by professionals or promoters to publish them themselves under threat from the student or doctoral student?
Why are not all scientific studies made available to universities (paid by taxpayers) to the public?
Why don't universities become what they once were, a source of knowledge that everyone can draw from?
Stress is unhealthy and causes all kinds of short- and long-term effects. Stress hormones also produce stress hormones. Is it realistic to develop drugs to remove that excess of stress hormones from the body?
In recent days it has been very wrong in the air. Large fields with fanned-out aircraft clouds that hinder the sun considerably, but also slow down the nighttime appearance. What is the effect of this on Climate warming? And why is it silent w
Why can particulate filters not remove all the fine dust from the exhaust?
How do you get Lithium out of an empty bar without special equipment?
how come despite the fact that the computer has been in existence for 70 years, the government still needs 3 months to get a letter from the taxes in the mailbox?
Why are we the only EU country with six parliaments?
Can foreign body metals, toxic pollution, be cleaned from the blood by chelation therapy? DVW
How do people born blind dream? Do they have images? Colors? Can they have visual hallucinations in case of psychosis?
Which method of boiling water gives you the smallest carbon footprint? Are there other everyday things we can easily pay attention to reduce this footprint?
How long will it take before natural sandbanks form on our coast, after artificially raising the beaches?
Is it good that children go to day care at a young age? Or is a childminder better? And how can you tell if it is a good nursery or childminder?
Is there SOMETHING after death?
What is the expected lifespan of a donor organ?
Why can't scientists use nuclear fusion technology to stop harmful nuclear fission technology using a simple water isotope that can be found everywhere?
can anyone tell me what factors make the climate, for what percentage each and how one reaches those elements mathematically?
How do those masses of plastic end up in our oceans? Waste is nevertheless recycled or incinerated? As the situation now arises, it seems that all waste has been dumped into the water for years.
Can you make all countries one?
Why Is the Pharmaceutical Industry Stopping the Use of Cannabis?
What interaction exists between photons and matter that explains the refraction of light
At the first cell division of a fertilized egg, all cells are equivalent. When are differences made? How do the different cells communicate or synchronize their specific role they take up to the other cells.
What is itching?
Why do mosquitoes fly around a lamp at night?
Why so much math at the university?
How can life arise after an explosion (Big Bang)?
Is there a connection between love and DNA? Does the DNA of two people in love have a certain characteristic that makes these people fall in love with each other and not someone else? In other words, can DNA predict love and the degree of love?
6000-year-old Earth?
Can science find solutions to combat allergies
How close are we to manipulating gravity?
If the multiverse theory is correct and if we can now also detect the point of origin of gravitational waves, can we also detect gravitational waves that originate in a different universe?
Can people born deaf think like we do?
Why is it that people are considering granting robots human rights and that animals hardly get human rights? That an inanimate thing would be put on the same footing as humans and living beings are still seen as a "product"?
the magnetic field of the ocean has an influence on our health, why do so many people with a clear feeling, including the American Edgard Cayce, always want to seek the proximity of the sea.
If we are able to 'make' predators (eg wolves) vegetarian, is it our ethical duty to do this and to remove all animal suffering from the world?
According to various studies, global warming could be prevented / delayed by switching to a plant-based diet and lifestyle. How scientifically substantiated is this?
Why does science avoid the critical test of the true facts of CO2 in the energy and climate story?
How can we make water supplies more sustainable? Are there structural ways to develop a more local and efficient approach?
Why are medicines and cosmetics still being tested on animals?
Those who have a patriarchal role model are sometimes described as 'old-fashioned'. But have our male-female relationships always been so hierarchical throughout history? Have matriarchal times and cultures ever existed?
Because of the climate, people always speak of "Consensus" (97% of scientists), while this is diametrically opposed to real science, namely, continuous empirical research, discussion, debate, ...
Depression is said to be an incorrect chemical balance in the brain. Yet there is little consensus on this statement and little independent research confirming it. How come?
Why is it that alcohol and cigarettes are freely available on the market in Belgium and that CBD is considered illegal in our country?
Whose ecological footprint is the smallest? A meat eater riding a bike or a vegan riding a car?
How can (heavily) religious persons or parties with religious ideas for politics exist in Belgium? What, then, was the point of separation of state and church and the French Revolution?
Is it possible to use the upward force that a bubble in water generates to generate electricity?
Is there an economic model that guarantees sufficient prosperity for everyone, yet does not aim for population growth or economic growth?
How can a person with autism and normal or high intelligence be (authentic) himself without disturbing his / her work and / or living environment?
How can promising female weightlifters in Belgium reach the world top through scientific support?
Anyone vegetarian? To the current population growth, how long before we have to exterminate all herbivores to leave enough for ourselves?
When will a drug come on the market, so that almost 100% of cancer patients will heal and can live normally again?
Can science make a kind of engine that needs CO2 and releases oxygen?
Man can question himself; not an animal. How do you explain this in the context of the theory of evolution?
Why is so little attention paid to the neurotransmitter-functioning substance histamine, which has to do with the immune system, as the (possible) basis of mental illness? And how far is the research in this area?
Is it possible, like water purification plants, to make air purification plants on a large scale and thus remove the fine dust and excess CO2 from the air?
How unique is the genetic material of an average 'Fleming'?
What is the influence of pets on the ecological footprint?
Why do some people have migraines and some don't?
Can instant hormone tests be used to promote learning processes?
What is so important in Antarctica of such (mysterious) great international importance?
How large is the total margin of error on the offside line used in football by the VAR? Taking into account parallelism, frame rate images, ball-shoe contact time of the appropriate player, etc ...
How can sustainable behavioral change proceed faster?
Why does Belgium have such a rich beer culture and what is the history behind it?
Where do guinea pigs live in the wild?
With what intensity, duration, type of movement exercise and at what time during the learning process can moving while learning promote the learning process?
How likely is it that quantum computers will ever fit in our pocket like smartphones already do?
Why is it that if one constantly steps in a northerly direction, one eventually comes out in a southerly direction. However, if one constantly steps westward, one never comes out eastward?
How come we always see the same side of the moon? It also revolves around its axis?
How can an advanced Fitbit be used to indicate a person (with autism) in time that he / she becomes over-stimulated or to provide insight into his / her energy management? How can it also support to get back into balance?
When you put a warm liquid in a cup (eg coffee) and you repeatedly tap the bottom of the cup with a spoon in the warm liquid, the pitch of the sound rises with every tap. When you stir afterwards and start tapping back
is it true that a helium shortage is imminent (important for MRI, weather balloons, ...)
When do I get rid of that eternal wind in my gut. It's like I'm "blowing up" everything .....
More is being invested in geothermal energy. Is there a chance that this will release more natural radioactivity? Is this to the extent that can be harmful?
Can faecal transplantation help with autism spectrum disorders?
Is it possible to find a cure for obesity in the future and then I'm talking about the dna, metabolism?
if Mike Wazowski blinks, does it count as winking (like winking at a person) or blinking?
Is p = m * v as relative as E = mc2?
The Japanese Knotweed is an exotic species that unfortunately overgrows here and displaces native species. Are there other exotics on the rise that we should be concerned about (eg dramatic extension of hay fever season, poisonous, ...)?
How can I develop a programmed instruction (app / learning path) that uses instant learning analytics, deliberate practice and the principle of spread learning to enable students to learn more effectively and efficiently during self-study?
will a car soon be driven without a driver or will we fly through the air with our car?
Is infertility hereditary?
If I have water in my ears, can I listen to electronic music?
How can you keep the entire society mobile with as few (self-driving) shared cars in combination with public transport? without personal cars, so.
Coconuts have hair and make milk. Why are they not classified as mammals?
Why people used to bury so many buildings
How much energy is needed to maintain blockchains (such as crypto coins)?
What is the shape of the universe?
would it be possible to create a livable atmosphere on a march with plants or micro-organisms?
Could it be that the brains of people with autism receive biochemical messages between people more intensely and become over-stimulated by them?
Can our sense of smell sense serotonin and dopamine production in another person's brain?
Can Earth Feed 11 Billion People Without Using Fertilizer?
Is autism something of the modern age or would autism have been part of humanity for a long time? Is there then an explanation from the theory of evolution why there are still persons with autism?
Despite the fact that everything we know as humans is finite, the universe would be infinite. What actually is an infinite universe and is it. How should you actually see that infinity.
Can you make the forts swimable by means of fountains?
Can anything escape from a black hole?
If you look at Earth at a point in space 10,000 light years away with a (very good) telescope, is it true that we can see our own past from 10,000 years ago? (If we were able to travel faster than light.)
What do we know about extraterrestrial life?
What determines whether you are a morning or evening person?
Why do we have patents, patents, intellectual property rights ...?
how many people can live in Belgium with our standard of living if we do not want to damage the environment irreparably?
Do (intelligent) animals have ambition?
How come you are a 'house sparrow', someone who rarely leaves home?
How can Flanders prepare for climate change?
More and more IoT devices are coming. Most are (deliberately or not) poorly secured. How can we avoid orchestrating cyber attacks from there?
Is there a link between constant noise exposure (such as a radio that stays on all day) and ADHD?
The universe is infinite, where does it continue to take its place? And if it isn't infinite, what's behind the end?
What would have been the consequences if the moon was the same size as the earth?
What is art?
Why don't we do vertical farming and vertical forests?
When talking about wolf packs, there is always an "alpha" animal present in this pack. Does this animal exist / does this animal contain alpha radiation?
Is increasing carbon in the soil a cost-efficient way in terms of climate mitigation, taking into account other positive side effects (better soils in quality and drought resistance, less erosion, ... "
Can a lifelike social robot be used to co-teach in education?
Wouldn't real democracy be voting for projects instead of voting for people, an EU national number that reflects your current relative position with regard to the project. The number of questions you answer determines the weight of your vote? Is that better?
How can one convert inner speech and mental images (what you often do / see in yourself when you think) into digital text / images that you can then share with others?
Would a separation between a currency for public investment and one for commercial investment be appropriate, and how should ownership be revised?
I was born with the umbilical cord around my neck after 3 days of births. Was this the prelude to my manic chronic depression which was innate and hereditary
How do we know that a meteorite (?) Found on Earth comes from eg Mars? Could debris from Earth have ended up on other planets?
Could you 'clean up' space debris by nudging it towards Earth?
If a black hole, due to its high pressure, compresses dimensions in one dimension - and thus the place between the 3 dimensions that have been filled in by time up to the event horizon - how relevant is our relative position to support that determination?
What is the most effective treatment for social anxiety?
How can we make the knowledge of basic cleaning products (from old age) current again
What are the health dangers of WiFi, taking into account the studies of Dr. Lepomme from Paris?
Is ionizing radiation harmful to plants?
Can / do we want to switch to DC voltage?
Who determines, limits / stops, recognizes and controls the technological progress of science and the end of humanity?
Why don't people live to be 900 years old?
Can overweight be remedied by restoring the microbial life of the digestive system? If so, how?
The heart of a man who turns 100 years old has beaten 3,153,600,000 times (at an average of 80x per minute), if it is good without stopping once, no machine will copy it. How is that possible?
How is it that we hardly ever fall out of bed during our sleep. While we turn and toss, there is a mechanism in our mind that makes sure that we do not leave the defined space of our bed.
Why do we assume that the Big Bang created as much matter as anti-matter in our Universe?
Why do birds of prey call when they hunt?
How do we make people aware of their ecological footprint?
When can we expect nuclear fusion?
Everyone dreams, even blind people dream, but what do people who are born blind dream about?
How can we protect the weak road user even better?
Why do we not equalize the air pressure in an airplane when we fly with the air pressure on the ground? Because, the air pressure is 'made' in the plane, but we still have to swallow when we take off.
Dear scientist, Can water flow uphill? On a slightly sloping, but very dusty (sand, concrete dust) floor, I had the impression that the water from a poured bucket flowed up gently, is that possible, or did I just imagine it? Thank you.
What do we have to do to grow old healthily, I mean to be at least 100 to 150 years old but still be very fit and healthy (physically and mentally).
Which comprehensive (co- / self- / government) regulatory framework can ensure that making and delivering news gives the news consumer as much confidence as possible and what must be done in Belgium to meet this?
Why is it that after 20 years people are still not much further with IVF? Because the chances of success are still very low.
Will there ever be one channel like the news now, but then POSITIVE. With overview, status, progress of all possible topics and progressivity in the world.
Why is it that some people are so chaotic, I mean totally unorganized and usually not orderly together with that. Often the work of those people is not structured and extra time (and money) is lost. Can that be done better?
The current economy is based on continuous growth. Is there a possibility to step out of that growth model without deteriorating prosperity?
Why should electricity AGAIN become more expensive? We have all 'free' energy sources available: water, wind, ... Why don't we use them more efficiently.
Is there a god
Global warming is a consequence of man
How many universes exist
Can hydrogen gas be pumped through the current natural gas pipes
When will hydrogen gas be used en masse in cars
In which year will nuclear fusion work commercially
Would a thirty-hour working week with pay remain economically viable. This taking into account more people who can work, less loss due to burnouts, physical complaints, ...
What is the greatest threat to humanity
When will people really be able to live on the march?
Do chickens use any kind of language
Why is it that a hangover often starts only 12 hours after drinking, when the alcohol is usually already gone from your blood?
Diamond has a heat conductivity that is 20 times higher than silicon. Why don't we use diamond chips in our devices?
Why can I as a private person (possibly paying) consult all textbooks, theses and documentation of universities
Why is the quality of an ultrasound so bad. No more of this time.
Children are often tired of school at an early age. How can we stimulate them sufficiently?
How can one convince the academic world to include in the classification criteria of international academic rankings the extent to which scientists succeed in translating research results comprehensively into the field of application?
Why does man reproduce? Apart from emotional and practical reasons.
why are some people in politics disrespectful.
Can we leave capitalism and come to a system that contributes to a dignified existence for everyone with respect for Mother Earth.
Is economic growth in Belgium necessary and desirable?
how come the skin can react allergically to sunlight?
Will nanobots ever be able to ensure that damage, such as damage caused by storm or war, is immediately repaired by itself?
How do we prevent cancer
Which studies / studies are truthful?
how come I am allergic to the birch pollen
What is the biological basis of procrastination? How can we influence that biological basis to reduce procrastination?
What is the difference between a living and a dead grain of wheat?
How are measurement uncertainties for speeding offenses (flash cameras, etc.) handled? How certain is your speed when a fine is issued?
How is it that one person can think and the other not or much less? What makes someone think and how can you improve it?
Why are we not as sustainable as we could be?
How can we ensure that the world's population no longer grows and preferably even declines?
Where does fish go and how can we better protect the fish stock?
Why does a person not fall out of bed at night while sleeping?
How can a quantum computer based on probability still provide exact data
What is the effect of fewer bees in our country on the environment, prosperity and crop growth?
What is actually the purpose of man: why are we here. Born and die, why? Why should we actually age and die?
why it freezes at 10 km altitude, illogical considering you are closer to the sun
What is the use of inverting so much energy and capital in the search for exoplanets, habitable or not?
Does 'time' still exist in a black hole?
Can we live on purely alternative energy sources?
How many kg of fine dust falls on our head every day, by all those planes in the air (this morning I counted more than 30 stripes in the air) ????
Testing for monthly wages is done without working. But many foreigners, refugees and migrants have benefited from this on our working people for years. Why is that anyway? Who decides why some people are allowed to live for free?
Water evaporates and returns to earth through rain, etc. How is it that there is a water shortage?
How can we distinguish real news from fake news?
How do we humanly limit the number of people on Earth? And what is the limit to be able to continue living with dignity as a whole?
Has a link been found between gut flora and autism?
What substitute can be developed to replace "plastic"? Especially to combat pollution of land and sea, should a (degradable) alternative be possible?
How can we screen teachers' daily actions so that it can be determined which ones can be automated / digitized and their thinking can go to insightful learning and support the pedagogical needs of children?
How many people have been there since the creation of the Earth
What effect does immigration have on the functioning of our country?
Will we ever be able to travel faster than the speed of light?
There are an infinite number of questions that science should solve. Why have so few questions been solved by science?
How reliable are some scientific findings? especially the statistical .... Who checks the reliability? and with what authority?
Confirmation? The more science provides answers, the less one needs "Gods". Curious?
Why is stainless steel not magnetic, although it contains a lot of iron?
Has progress been made in the treatment of multiple sclerosis?
How is it possible that 2 gases form water together. Hydrogen oxygen
How can we make treatments for medical conditions cheaper for people who cannot afford treatment or who do not have health insurance coverage?
How can you eradicate the borrelia burgdorfei bacteria?
Why isn't the car industry completely switching to hydrogen?
In the past, it has been established that pregnant women with MS do not experience symptoms during pregnancy due to the production of certain substances that would prevent myelin degeneration. Is it not possible to investigate this further?
I have been an MS patient since 1999, but no one has ever been able to answer my question; what is the cause of this disease
Why can't science still cure a cold?
Can we 'vaccinate' people's immune systems with 'filth' to ensure that they no longer react excessively to normal substances such as: pollen.
How come there are (everywhere at the same time and just before the elections) work on streets so that a lot of traffic comes through other small quiet streets and you can no longer find your way through all that detour. so wherever you pass fl
how does the weight increase / decrease of the earth. and does that affect attraction or revolving around the sun?
Is there already a breakthrough in the cure of vitiligo disease?
radiation from one mobile phone will not be harmful, but all radiation released from all communication devices together has more influence on global warming than the rest, but this will involve too much money: OR NOT ??
Ensuring that food is handled better, that is, wasting much less.
We come to Earth unintentionally. We unwittingly leave it. Illusion?
How can we curb the terror of the Americans?
How do we curtail footballers' wages?
Does the Flemish government invest in the development of nuclear fusion?
There are more and more allergies. And man must reproduce. But what if the woman is allergic to the man?
How can you make a siphon work permanently in rain pits, despite the fact that the supply and overflow are lower than the siphon?
Can we improve our air quality by restricting light trucks and all-terrain vehicles to 110 km / h and ban them from the 3rd lane?
how can we prevent or cure colds, acne, naps, ... all those 'ordinary little' discomforts
What happens to our consciousness when we die?
Who will do all the voluntary work that young active people over 60 are doing now: childcare, informal care, cultural activities, limiting loneliness, care for the elderly, .... if we all work to at least 65, and preferably 67 years of age?
Why are young people from the age of 25 not checked for cancer as standard?
How do we remove all plastic from the seas and oceans and prevent further plastic pollution?
We look for life on distant strange planets, but we have no idea how life here on earth originated. How did DNA originate, for example? What was the first gene?
Is research still being conducted into alternative propulsion energy? (Hydrogen, biomass (methane), friction, air resistance, ...)
How come (at fertilization, the fetus grows in water) and we drown afterwards if we can't swim?
How stable is our universe?
Are there limits to Artificial Intelligence?
What do you do to prevent the waste of food?
Can't science discover if there is life after death?
How do we find the needle in the haystack of the Big Data?
How strong must the "big bang" have been to send all those stars and planets so far into the Universe - several solar systems have been found billions on many light years from Earth (?)
Digitization, big data, publicity and marketing, track and trace, neural implants ... from passive information collection to active use: is man robotizing himself and is your own personality going to waste?
Which (international) measures are needed to prevent (micro) plastic pollution? What can Flanders already do, regardless of the international context?
Why is so much plastic still used in packaging?
How long will the earth be livable for humans and animals if we continue at the current rate of polluting the sea, the air and the earth?
Suddenly, leaders from different countries express threats and use of war language is time-bound. They are not responsible for groups such as IS or for the formation thereof.
Is photosynthesis more efficient in algae due to plants on the mainland?
Like a medicine to get rid of jealousy.
Water scarcity is an increasing problem worldwide. There is also a threat of water shortage in Flanders in the future. How can this impending water scarcity be countered?
What is inherent in man, a logical creature, that they continue to reproduce while overpopulation is at the root of mankind's greatest problems?
fibromialgia .......... so many people, so little attention? So little understanding!
What are the social costs of one passenger car and one truck that has to slow down from 50 to 0 km / h before a red traffic light and then accelerates again to 50 km / h?
Is there an alternative to plastic ???? it must be biodegradable!
Why do we still fly on kerosene and not on hydrogen, for example?
What is the medical / scientific explanation why ex-cancer patients should no longer be blood donors?
How does science view the growth of the world population? In 1918 after ± 40,000 years there were 2 billion people in the world, now 2018, 100 years later, we reach 8 billion people. (So a growth of 6 billion in 100 years.)
Why is a plane trip cheaper than a train ride?
Why is there no contact with 'other beings' outside the earth yet? Or is it there but is this concealed?
investigations in America and elsewhere NEVER any cooperation Ghent, Brussels Leuven cost millions and the same happens in America why not use cooperation or STOP in Belgium and results from America?
How do I ensure that my 2.5-year-old daughter does not forget me when I will soon die of cancer.
Is it possible to develop superpowers?
People do research every day, Half or up to 70% is useless How many engineering firms are paid daily for works that they know they will NEVER be performed! Soil research, air pollution, water pollution,
What is it about human beings that we continue to reproduce indefinitely, even be rewarded for it by society, while overcrowding is at the root of the greatest problems that humanity now faces?
A stone of a few grams sinks directly into water. How is it that a fully loaded ship (many tons in weight) does not sink, even when it is stationary on the quay in a harbor? How is the anchor that is still stuck in the sea or river bottom lifted?
How harmful is soot to our health?
Can / are the macro-particles of rubber from vehicle tires filtered from the sewage before it is discharged into the surface water?
Is string theory still topical?
how do you solve the hunger in the world?
Influence of street lighting on sleep quality.
when can we talk / communicate with animals, humans and animals understand each other better?
Why do people spend billions looking for life outside the earth? While millions of people on earth have no life!
When jumping or falling from an airplane. At a great height one floats in the air (what one freefall). The closer to the ground, the pull and gravity become stronger and one falls to pieces. That is why parachutes are used.
Are traffic regulations already being considered for when there is a parallel flow of people with drones?
What is dark matter / energy?
Why can't we create new dental bone tissue? Why do we always have to drill holes in the teeth and then fill them up? Are there no innovative ways to do this differently?
Can stem cell injections target osteoporosis?
What is the impact of peer pressure on the study choice of young people, especially in this hugely diverse landscape of study programs?
What if humans are the size of a nuclear atom compared to other intelligent extraterrestrial life?
Is the cause of cancer mainly genetically determined and what is the share of the environmental factors such as climate, stress, lifestyle, ...
Are we happy to learn more?
Does an international environment at a young age have a positive or negative influence on language development? Can we anticipate this or adjust it later?
when will it be possible to fly faster than the light and with which propulsion
Was it really better before? Is that really true or can we be equally happy in today's society?
Are you working on a machine to convert human feces into usable fuel?
When does science in the West also turn to bacteriophages and do something about it?
Is it possible to build a machine that has emotions?
Refugees or migrants with a disability are exempted from the integration obligation. Are they entitled to adjustments if they still want to follow a civic integration course or Dutch lesson on a voluntary basis?
Are there still jobs for everyone within x-years due to all these artificial intelligence developments?
How will the human brain evolve?
How did the different religions originate?
How can we make the LGB community even more integrated into a society with different cultures / religions?
What determines that you like / like someone?
Shouldn't human scientists ensure that moral and ethical developments are aligned with technological developments?
What are the symptoms of someone suffering from lung cancer?
How do we keep our social security system affordable and how do we achieve a fair redistribution of contributions? The YOLO principle plunges more and more people into financial difficulties and there is less and less sound financial management ...
Could a black hole (or several) ever cause a new big bang?
How come some martial artists are knocked out (or: unconscious) faster than others?
How can one get rid of envy?
Is spacetime a manifestation of the entaglement between different points on the holographic description of the universe?
When will the human brain and physical strength reach its maximum limit? Are there effective limits to the use of the brain and body?
why do chickens (and cock) cackle when they have laid an egg?
Is it possible to convert deserts into cultivated land?
How many degrees can the temperature rise in Belgium in the next 20 years?
Can an organism live forever? Do such organisms exist?
Children are taught from an early age to eat three times a day. But is this as logical and healthy as we think?
Where do the house flies go at night?
Is multiple sclerosis genetically transmissible?
When could lost brain function be restored by any therapy (Nanotechnology, CRISPR-Cas, stem cells, deep-brain stimulation, human computer interface, ...)?
How are we going to stagnate the world population?
with identical twins is there more chance of one left-handed person and one right-handed person?
When, like the Russian Federation, do we switch to daylight saving time, so that we no longer have to move clocks?
Cancer! There is evidence that sharks have or produce something that destroys even the worst cancers in no time, focus on that and cancer is out of the world !!!!!
Who oh who will commit to solve the chronic fatigue syndrome riddle?
How does a fly land on the ceiling?
How far is science from creating an artificial pancreas?
Can we convert the body heat we produce at night into energy for warm shower water in the morning?
Can we 'beam' ourselves from place A to place B (cf. Star Trek) soon? The traffic jam problem solved in one go ...
Is there a method that can be used to help children with severe autism learn?
How can the distance exactly be calculated for long jump, triple jump, shot put and javelin throw? How accurately can the landing be measured, especially in the event of a long jump?
For many problems it is said: science will solve this! Both for hunger ... diseases ... Why is there such a fear of nuclear waste. They speak of thousands of years of problems ...
Can we ever live to be 150 years old?
The earth revolves around the sun and on its own axis. How is the latter and why is it not that every planet revolves around its own axis?
I think, as bad as it is, that today's weapons (nuclear and other missiles) will someday be useful in defending our Earth from extraterrestrials ... what does science think?
Why has the universe not already disappeared through antimatter?
Is the overpopulation problem not immediately solved if it turned out that half of the population was gay or lesbian?
CFS: is there a medical examination and is there a chance of a cure?
Is there any suspicion of the amount of knowledge we don't know we don't know?
How come people still have not found a cure for CFS / ME? (Chronic fatigue syndrome / myalgic encephalomyelitis)
How is it that people like rap music and others don't?
Could it help for someone who becomes car-sick as a passenger in a car to watch with virtual reality glasses while driving?
I have always been told as a child if there is a thunderstorm in a swimming pool. I can understand this. But if I swim in the sea in Ostend and the thunderstorms in England are not dangerous I think. From what distance can one still be endangered?
How and who can stop those wars all over the world. 2018 and they are still outgassing ordinary people and the world is watching. It is no longer possible at this time.
Every living being would be useful, otherwise I wouldn't hear it, but what is the use of mosquitoes? What happens if suddenly there are no more mosquitoes on Earth?
Short and sweet: how do you turn a mule into a racing horse? How will people provide work and what work to people who are not intelligent enough to sail on the digital boat? There are already many unfilled vacancies in the ICT sector.
A more or less well-founded idea of what the Big Bang was, responsible suggestion? How was the Big Bang made possible? Question responsible yourself? Don't start with religion, God please. That's not scientific, and the answer is easy.
how is it that our atmosphere is not sucked away by the vacuum of space?
Why is defensive always associated with military force? Where and when was successful nonviolent civil, historical resistance committed? When and how science is committed to developing "alternatives" with regard to Inhuman wars?
why is no research done on the method of nikola tesla regarding free energy?
During your life you have to contend with different types of viruses, will they remain in your body for the rest of your life?
Which myths and / or wrong assumptions are already hidden in the questions to science that appear here on the website?
Is there any point in trying to disinfect spacecraft before sending them to other planets?
Why is that when I close my eyes during the day I see colored spots
Why do people think they are better than other animal species? Is that innate or learned?
Can a social robot really replace human caregivers?
Should personalized robots be biased just like our own friends?
Which field of science is concerned with figuring out the influence of cosmic laws on our daily lives? (search term: the universal laws and conditions of third dimension living)
Why is the speed of light in vacuum so slow.
Can dogs hear the sound of bats?
Which garden plants will withstand the climate change that is expected?
Could you, for example with the help of sensors, make a trap in which only rats can enter?
Bee hotels are popular, but there are only a few types of bees that can take advantage of that. Does that give them a competitive advantage?
Is it possible to know exactly where autism is in the brain?
Can you make good topsoil without peat?
How can a better understanding of past religious peace treaties polarize today's society less?
How do I get rid of herpes permanently?
How do I get that annoying sunburn?
When do we come to the point of singularity. Ttz, Artificial Intelligence (AI) bigger, faster and better than the average person's. What are the risks to our societies, humanity?
You can mail an answer to "one" daily in blocks. How many people are tempted to participate in this? How often is the question answered on a daily basis?
Looked at the Watt program on canvas ... Still a lot of use of coal in India because they cannot meet the demand for electricity. How do we solve this?
In the future, will science and technology focus more on the balance and harmony between people and the environment, i.e. more at the service of all life, instead of making production more efficient, i.e. more?
Is it useful to have regular check-ups if one of your parents has died of a brain tumor?
Is the universe limited?
Why don't we desalinate water on a large scale to provide everyone with drinking water?
How will we avoid problems like those in Syria in the future? in Congo? in North Korea?
Can polyneuropathy still be cured?
Epilepsy, can this still be cured?
Why do we sleep badly when the full moon is, more people get toothaches, more babies are born, more old people die?
What will happen to the globe if the population continues to grow as it is now?
How well can our Natura2000 network withstand expected changes in climate and environmental pressures?
The space is infinite but still expands. How can you explain that something infinitely gets bigger.
Why can one not use water as an energy source, we do get energy from light.
soften water
What is the influence of microwave heating and cooking and the relation to the number of cancers after 30 years in the household? (Question: You used to get a leakage meter, now the radiation is no longer dangerous?)
How come toothpaste always comes striped on the tube? Even the last bit is striped!
It is still said at school that we work with Arabic numbers. But none of our numbers are like the Arabic script.
How do we achieve world peace?
A lot of research has been done into why people get fat. How is it possible that there is still no tablet to get slim safely.
Garlic tablet here and vitamin tablet there. But are all those minerals and vitamin tablets and supplements necessary or is this just one of the best money making schemes of the pharmaceutical industry?
Why is sea water salty and is the salt content sometimes very different?
What is the connection between mind and matter? Is science capable of solving this problem with its empirical-material approach? Would science be able to solve this problem with an empirical-spiritual approach?
Can we generate enough energy with wind energy if the nuclear power stations stop working?
Why is there no European science channel in the Flemish TV channel packages.
Are we now living in the era of the first big bang or is it possible that we are in a series of big bangs?
Is it possible to listen to missed radio (conversations or songs) in deferment from watching delayed television?
What is the most expensive: intensive agriculture on a smaller area or extensive agriculture on a larger area?
What does the city of the future look like?
In Mol they have knowledge of nuclear power. There is a new type of nuclear reactor. Wazrom is not wanted to give it a chance? According to experts, there would even be almost no waste.
How can we get more spatial structure in the ribbon of built-up Flanders in the medium term?
How come the roads in Belgium are so bad compared to abroad, you just feel the quality of the road when you cross the border.
Why do our politicians accept a budget with deficits year after year?
Can a serious scientist believe in God / Allah and the Bible / Quran?
some scientists contradict each other on the same subject. which are credible, which are not?
Why were so few guarantees to anchor this industry built into the economic / industrial fabric of the Belgian economy? In contrast to Denmark or the Netherlands, for example, where foreign acquisitions are much more difficult.
Why do we accept that the media no longer fully assumes its position as the fourth power, but is guided by social media and volatile, unexamined dossiers, without conducting the real critical social analysis?
Why not bet 100% on hydrogen combustion engines instead of electric engines with all restrictions?
Can an image / number be given for the visible universe for the average density of the "star dust" present?
How can we safeguard and / or combat the sea, fluvial roads, the ocean against plastic waste?
Oil is pumped out of the ground in millions of hectoliters every day. What then happens to the stability of the earth layers and how is it ensured.
Why does everyone intuitively assume that a cost-cutting principle from the goods industry - economies of scale - will have the same positive effects in the service sector, with all the evidence to the contrary?
Is an unconditional basic income economically feasible for everyone?
Have such a house at home from Austria predicts the weather male with umbrella outside in rain female is correct in good weather! How does that work? thanks
Nowadays, quite an emphasis is placed on proteins and organic products to increase the quality of the food. How to make the connection with sustainability?
In France you have endless fields full of sunflowers, they all turn their heads with the sun. But can't they keep running? Do they all turn back together at night?
Are our children born smarter than in earlier times?
How can I make someone who knows nothing about my profession believe in my judgment?
Is it possible that through volcanic action the oceans warm up and melt the poles? There is currently an increased activity on land.
Can we improve the quality of pre-school facilities through the courses?
Can we make computers smart enough that they write new computer programs themselves based on a person who tells them what the program should be able to do?
How come we have more children in kindergarten than any other country and yet so great educational inequality
Does technological / medical progress hinder the process of natural selection?
What steps still need to be taken before we can imitate realistic hearing, feeling and sense of smell in virtual reality?
How can we remove (micro) plastic from the ocean? Why is it not possible to simply ban all unbreakable plastic packaging and bags and make them disappear completely? Is there an alternative to plastic to store food?
What is the impact of television on the education of (young) children and how will this evolve?
How do we make sure we never have to iron again?
Symmetry: warning lights on windmills and construction cranes go on and off simultaneously (after some time). Please test two lamps, once covered and once not to check this statement
How can we end the meat industry?
Is there a cheaper or better filter than water?
When will there be decent biomedical research into ME / CFS. Why are the old guidelines (behavioral therapy) still being used in Belgium and not the new guidelines according to the CDC?
Can someone delay their dying process to say goodbye to a loved one?
What does someone see, hear, smell or feel during their dying process?
Most economical: boiler / geyser, hob with magnetic induction, kettle or microwave oven to heat water?
What is the origin of life on earth?
Do plants have emotions?
What mainly causes delays on the highways, which also causes traffic jams? To me, a lot of unused space by mid-section drivers and slower traffic such as trucks seems to be contributing to these delays. But is this so?
what would happen if the big bang collided with another big bang?
How environmentally friendly is organic food really?
Is it best to pour from glass or plastic bottles during a festival?
are there technical options for removing CO2 from the atmosphere and storing it safely? If the level is too high, we can try to reduce emissions, but is there also research on the other side of the story, "pumping back CO2"?
Electricity transport and storage have not changed at all in the past. There must be something different from the expensive copper, which is not just mined and made environmentally friendly. Eedem with the ways used and matrial
the use of hydropower (other than with dams)
In what way does electromagnetism have to do with our genetically predestinated conditioning in our interpretations (good / bad, etc.), in addition to the logical relativity conditioning ?!
What is the key to a peaceful multicultural or super diverse society?
How can you make a medicine to prevent cancer
If life is a way for the universe to introspect, is consciousness a logical, natural consequence, or an artificially induced result?
Why is yawning so contagious?
In the distant future, if wind farms are built en masse, will this have an impact on air flows (such as trade winds, etc.) and thus indirectly on the climate?
I would have liked to know more about Huntington's disease
when is green energy really going to be green? I mean, we first pollute heavily and then supposedly produce clean energy
Questions and known incompleteness remain within each field. Wouldn't it be useful for a layman? Are there lists of such problems?
Why do our brains need so little cooling when you compare this to large computers?
Is our spirit power an emergent phenomenon? The mind needs physical reality to emerge. So the mind comes later in evolution.
If more solar rays are received by solar panels, could this stop global warming?
How can Belgian companies be (more) involved in scientific research, particularly with regard to ecological issues such as energy, transport, waste management, ...?
How can an electric car be more efficient than a traditional combustion engine given the law of rising entropy? Is a combustion engine no more efficient than transporting electricity from the power station to charge the car?
The population is still growing, so in a few years from now a few billion people can come, our earth can cope with this, or we will live even smaller, or every piece of land can become fertile for food or man will destroy himself with war
In his book Homo Deus, Harari describes that even humans (intelligence and feeling) function as an algorithm ... is there actually enough evidence in the current sciences that this can largely be true?
How to organize your garden in an animal-friendly way without attracting rats?
I want to live sustainably. How do I do that? what can I leave? plane trip? eat meat? driving? ... postpone the birth of a child for a year?
We learned that energy is not lost but only converted into another form. We convert a lot of energy, whether wanted or not, into heat. Where did that gigantic amount of heat go?
What is consciousness?
What is the refractive index of the color brown? How does the brown color (optical) occur?
How can you determine in a person with a very severe form of aphasia after years that this turns into dementia (Alzheimer's)? Do people with aphasia also think in images? Are they still dreaming?
Is world peace possible?
What is outside our universe?
How is it that there is a delay on a question asked from the VRT in Brussels to a correspondent in eg America, but not also his answer?
Is it not possible to create a website where citizens can decide for themselves which laws they want to approve?
I have recently noticed that all Belgians do have ailment, often also genetic disorders, hormone problems, serious infections, cancer, autism, Down syndrome, ADHD, ADD, disability ... Is this caused by our industry?
Are plants poisonous to humans poisonous to rats / voles / voles?
In periods of stable meteorological conditions, on certain days and at an altitude far below 10 km of airliners, we see the sky criss-crossing with thick, full streaks, which linger for hours and fan out like mist.
Can they teleport people in the year 2100?
Why are electric cars green, and isn't electric heating?
Are we ready for a life without petroleum?
Will people ever invent a pill that protects you from the sun, as an alternative to sun cream?
Always the same amount of water remains on the earth.
Research is being conducted into the passing on of hereditary diseases.
How long do you have to rehabilitate from a gunshot wound (eg shoulder)? Is full recovery possible? Are there any special rehabilitation techniques?
Will we ever be able to safely process nuclear waste?
If we boil sea water and collect the condensation, do we not have potable water?
Does or will there be material that can block magnetic fields? For example, cover the room with a material that can block the magnetic field of electricity cables.
In a country like Belgium, there is more rain than the sun. Is it possible to get green energy from precipitation, just like solar energy?
Why don't budget politicians use the money that came in the year before and the money that should come in?
I heard that cycling through Brussels or walking 3 times a week in such a big city every day is just as bad as smoking 20 cigarettes a day. Is that right?
How does language affect our view of the world?
Isn't overcrowding a problem and is something being done about it?
Why are some plants easily propagated by cuttings and others fail?
Is there enough lithium in the world or does science have alternatives?
Does food heated up in a microwave cool down faster than when you heat it conventionally?
Can Robots ever display emotions and would this be comparable to human emotions? Could they experience pain? Can Love Relationships Enter? How many senses could they develop and are there limits to that?
Can we store heat in the summer?
Ed and high tide are known things at sea, Newton and Bernoulli and Laplace have been involved in them. The question is whether these ebb and flow also occur in a bucket of water or reservoir, for example? Would MSS be something to generate "simple" energy?
Here and there it is read that the Rothschild family controls the financial world and the world powers and thus conducts wars. Is that correct?
After our milk teeth fail, new teeth grow spontaneously. Why is it not possible to trigger the body to make new teeth in adults who, for example, are missing some teeth due to an accident?
If we were to pay off our national debt in a one-off operation, how much would each of us have to contribute on average (apart from a possible contribution in proportion to capital, so with an equal contribution for everyone)?
Will there ever be a cure for cancer?
Who or what determines which subjects are studied by science? And which (consequently) not?
Exploration of the planet VENUS will start soon. Like on MARS, a rover will attempt to explore the planet. Radio communication at about 460 ° Celsius does not work. How will this be solved?
In addition to physical and character traits, may "memory parts" be inherited? Certain lln. "recognized" eg music from the war years although they may never have heard it ...
What does interrupting a very exciting film through advertising mean?
Did life on earth arise several times?
How come there are little dark spots on your body every year and what is the use of it?
can I kill pubic lice by drowning in 'bath, how long should I stay submerged
In the USA you drive from the east coast to the west coast across an entire continent. How can it be explained that Flanders is located on the NORTH Sea and yet has a west coast and an east coast barely 60 km apart?
How can we ensure that global gender equality is created?
why is the ocean water salty, and how does it get there?
How is it that so little is known about MS. Who gets it? Why? And how do people cure the disease ???
Why do some dogs lose more saliva without multiple beast efforts? And it is no warmer on the days when they lose more. Depending on race?
Will my life change now that the Higgs particle has been discovered?
In various cooking programs, the chefs walk around with loose hair, sometimes even very long. I learned to put on hairnets. Do they have something special that they shouldn't have.
Why is the existence of UFOs and ETs repeatedly dismissed by science as a 'figment' and thus no real research is ever done on it?
What is artificial intelligence?
What about the evolution of total pollution
What is the difference between hair on your head and hair on your body?
Why don't babies cry with tears?
Why do fingernails grow faster than toenails?
Why do we often sneeze twice in a row?
Why has humans become (largely) milk tolerant? (and not other animals?)
Are there no better / less dangerous / cheaper atoms to split than uranium?
I wondered that dyslexia also exists in China, or do those symbols lend themselves better to this group?
Why do some notes in a melody really not fit together?
What is the harmful effect for the driver if he averages 1 hour per day in the file state Bvb in relation to particulate matter, and is there a difference between truck drivers (sitting higher), car drivers and motorcyclists?
What to do against fine dust?
Why is an electric car promoted and a tax benefit granted while electrical heating of the house is punished? The energy source is still the same.
Should we as humanity let artificial intelligence decide for us as the ultimate judge to solve world problems such as overpopulation, war, climate change?
How can we make our consumption of materials as efficient as in nature, where everything is recycled?
Can we ever travel through time and space?
What advantages / disadvantages are associated with the use of CBD oil? Are there any diseases that we can combat in this way that the pharmaceutical industry cannot (do not) combat at the moment?
Are pollen or pollen also a form of fine dust? If so, is it not harmful to our health, such as particulate matter?
Can people who have a protein allergy from cow's milk still drink A2A2 cow's milk without feeling sick?
How long does the smartphone last? And what is its successor?
Suppose we put 2 combustion engines in series. The first petrol engine, 2nd engine, uses the hot exhaust from the 1st engine as an inlet and injects water under high pressure instead of petrol. Do we now have a usable CHP?
How do I know if my dog has a fever without a thermometer? How if he's in pain?
What would happen to our environment, seasons, times, etc. when the Earth suddenly shifts a little bit; with the same comparison as when someone misses a little bit on a tap for example, enlarged to earth.
The Andromeda Galaxy, the closest galaxy, is about 3 million light-years away. We may be observing the light from a galaxy that has not existed for millions of years. The same goes for the observable universe.
Does the ecological cost of the dishwasher have to be done by hand?
Is showering really more environmentally friendly than taking a bath?
What is the historical background of the between-n's that we should have written in words like (pear juice) since the most recent spelling change? (See http://lijstlijst.org/leidraad/8)
The sun rises in the O and sets in the W. How come this week the moon rises in the W? How then can the sun cover part of the moon? Usually I see the moon in the evening at the front of my house = East-South / this week behind = E - North
What are the pros and cons of genetically engineered potatoes?
My wife has Strompel-Lorrain's disease (spastic paraplegia), known in 1880. There is no medicine for this. She has to make do with 2 x kine a week and move a lot. What is the state of the research? When medicine?
Dogs don't have human DNA, yet they develop diabetes and other human diseases. Please explain some more about that. Thank you
Normally, a monkey cannot mate with a human. Why then did I see a gorilla with human DNA in Zaire?
Why is planting trees / shrubs little to no thought of nature & people? What if we plant fruit trees along the roads?
What happens if the earth becomes overpopulated?
How did primeval man deal with global warming after the Ice Age?
In mathematics there are the real and complex numbers. These have one and two components, respectively. The real numbers are in a line and the complex in a plane. Are there any number systems other than these?
Can people live on Mars?
What is the impact of social media on the education of young people?
Atomic clock runs slower on a mountain than at sea level (Stephen Hawking). Time and space are interrelated (Einstein, theory of relativity). Has matter (a bolt, for example) that stayed in space for a while "grown" compared to matter on Earth?
Will the absolute (temperature) zero point ever be reached?
In the air, lines have often been created by aircraft, but if it is kerosene, it would dissolve after a maximum of 30 minutes. Yet these can often linger for hours: what is the difference between the two and how are they formed?
Why are they said to come out of the monkey? Is there any evidence that we get out of the monkey?
What if they returned the death penalty?
What would happen to a body if you keep it alive all the time?
Why is the sale of mopeds class A and B running on petrol not prohibited in Belgium? There are plenty of alternatives: speed pedelecs, electric bicycles and mopeds. Do these alternatives yield too little to the public purse?
Is there any ortho molecular medication that really treats osteoarthritis and severe osteoarthritis pain?
Willow bark aspirin?
Is research being conducted into a medicine or therapy for personality disorders?
Is there anything that can be found to make cans - which you now see everywhere - "disappear" faster and more environmentally friendly or to have them dissolved in an environmentally friendly way?
Why does the heat in a house only remain in the summer and not in the winter
Why is it not possible to bridge the coronary arteries through the veins themselves?
Can't science free us from the consumer society where only purchasing power and economic growth are important and not the many other human values like science lifelong learning culture art and meaningful leisure and work.
Will it ever be possible to connect external memory or databases directly to our brain? So that we can, for example, speak fluent Chinese or fly an airplane
question - is it true that making an electric battery that can span 1000 km takes more energy to manufacture than driving 100000 km with a small gasoline car? if one takes into account all energy costs.
When we heat our food, certain vitamins and other useful substances are lost, but what is the best way to ride food: baking, cooking, steaming, oven warmer, roasting, microwave, low temperature heating or something else?
The gap between rich and poor is widening ... leading to more discomfort for everyone (wilkinson and pickett). How can we stop this dynamic?
Why is potential energy (apparently) not a suitable storage option for green energy?
What chemical reactions produce the beeswax from the absorbed nectar and pollen? Please answer with the chemical formulas
Why do we keep blaming people in poverty for 'their' poverty? (while we know that in addition to individual choices, possibilities, ... there are massive structural exclusion mechanisms, not least because of our capitalist system)
What is gravity. How does matter influence?
If I have not jogged for a while, I often have sore muscles during the revival. But the worst pain comes only the second day after exercise. Why not immediately or the day after?
Is an ethical framework necessary for the healthy development of a child into an adult.
Why is there no cure or vaccine for colds yet? When will that be there?
Why are electric cars much more expensive than those with petrol or diesel?
What toxicological effects do drug residues have on organic life in and around water and how is this taken into account by the pharmaceutical industry / legislation?
How effective are alternative methods of combating lice (eg electric lice comb, ...)?
Can one develop more efficient whisper asphalt?
Are insects the meat of the future?
Why do certain parts of our body regenerate and others not?
Why is there no medicine that can cure rheumatism?
In the evolution from primate to human, what happened to our tail?
Is P equal to NP?
Is there active research into gravity control?
World record smashing in badminton is at 426 km / h, out of competition the world record is at 493 km / h, can it be done even faster?
If an atomic bomb can cause a nuclear winter, can we stop global warming?
Is it possible to decompose CO2 back into its constituent parts (carbon and oxygen) on an industrial scale? And if that's possible why doesn't it happen on a large scale?
Projects with solar panels and windmills are on the rise. We could therefore electrically heat our houses and buildings, so no more CO2 and fine dust emissions. How does science see the efficient storage of this electricity in the future?
What comes after space?
What does the human body do or how does the body react to this when we laugh both fake and real?
How can we change the health system where the focus is mainly on prevention rather than cure?
When will we be able to store our energy from, for example, solar panels in, for example, a battery, so that we are no longer dependent on the electricity grid, but are self-sufficient? Then renewable energy really makes sense.
How does a metamorphosis work: eg tadpole becomes frog. Caterpillar becomes butterfly. What happens in the body?
Can we detect diseases in the exhaled air?
What is the impact of algal blooms on fish larvae and the fishing in our sea?
How does the tides between the Earth and the Moon work?
Which agricultural production methods are needed to sustainably feed the world everywhere?
How will our food production change due to climate change?
Which installations can be developed to increase the capacity of potable water?
How can the abundance of plastic packaging be reduced more quickly?
How can you make a statement about extraterrestrial life on exoplanets that are tens of light years away? See further 'why this question'
How do we know what sound dinosaurs made?
Will we ever fly on renewable energy instead of fossil fuels?
Where will we get our protein from in the future?
Do our chickens get sick if I give them a spoiled leftover (slice of cheese with mold, leftover pasta left in the fridge)?
How will online shopping evolve and what effects will this have on human social contacts and our society in general?
Is there a way to measure how much pain someone is in? Would that number be the same for everyone if they bump into something just as hard? Could you determine certain problems in a body with it?
If I water birch colored water, do the juices color?
How can we achieve a world without wars?
In most places in Flanders there is (too) much lime in the drinking water. This is detrimental to household appliances and many families install a descaler. Why do the drinking water companies not supply low-lime water?
How can air pollution and noise pollution from highways be efficiently limited for local residents?
How big is the universe?
What evidence is there that there is no life after death? What happens to our thinking mind?
It seems to me that in the digital world people are increasingly nonchalant with language. Does this also have an impact on our "offline" language use and its quality? Are there consequences for the survival of a language?
Could it be that people within x number of years only speak 1 language and there is no difference of "race" like, black / white / asian?
Is cat litter (minus hard feces) reusable in the garden?
Could it be that we live like in the movie The Matrix, but we don't realize it? Until we are "dead" ...
Why do some people sleepwalk? What is the cause of sleepwalking?
why not burn the skin of our hands while sunbathing?
What is time?
Plastic in the oceans is one of the major environmental problems. There are bacteria that eat plastic. Will one be able to solve this problem with PET-eating bacteria and if so what are the side effects of releasing those bacteria on the plastic.
How will animals and nature be in 11 years' time? Can science save people from disease and cancer? Can science change this?
How do we guarantee solidarity between the generations and this not only in the financial field, but in other areas such as environmental impact, security or energy supply, food problems, BRICs countries?
How many pollen grains does the giant arum have?
How to grow more plants that taste good?
Where does all that plastic in the oceans come from? Isn't our waste recycled or incinerated? Is it because of individuals who sometimes throw a bottle in the water or are there structural illegal discharges?
Does energy need space? First there was energy without a name, then everything else followed. We can describe and use energy, but what is it exactly? Why should space in itself not represent energy to be determined?
There are usually 2 genera in both plants and animals. These must have arisen early in evolution. How did the sexes originate during evolution, both in plants and animals? Are the molecular biological mechanisms known?
by centralizing crematoriums one cannot operate a power plant by recovering the residual heat
Why do coffee and tea leave so many discolourations on your teeth?
sexuality
Electricity is the energy form of the future. Why then is there still no economical and efficient heating for the houses?
Airplanes should no longer fall. Can't foresee big parachute words or one for every passenger.
Why do West Flemish and Antwerp do so well in the media (TV series, songs ...), and do we rarely, if ever, hear Limburgish? Is this province disadvantaged in this area, or is general Dutch still highly regarded there?
Why is there still no car that runs on plain water !?
Can sea water / ocean water be purified into usable (drinking) water?
In the combustion of hydrocarbons, the CO2 that forms is a major problem due to global warming. But at the same time even more molecules of water are formed. Why don't we notice this new water?
Will our human race weaken over time as we want to make almost every child born survive? There used to be more natural selection.
If drinking water is scarce, watermelons can be grown with sea water, for example. Would the watermelon retain its natural flavor or taste salty?
Can we learn from the past to make democracy work better?
When do most cancers become a chronic disease
How many stars (on average how many planets) are there in our galaxy? How many galaxies are in our galaxy? How many galaxies are known? What, then, is the formula for calculating how many viable planets exist?
Why do we blink? Why some more than others?
Why do people not learn from history?
Why are there many carbohydrates in the new food triangle? The Inuit were perfectly able to do without and were healthy until they started eating western food. They ate good fats and proteins.
The monkey evolved into man, a creature of free will. Could the parrot evolve into a creature of free will? Their planet would remain viable for longer than our Earth (parrot does not need CO emissions for movement or keeping warm.
BIG BANG. Where then is the Ground Zero of our universe? Where is our brand road system and where are we (solar system)? how far can current teloscopes look (in billions of light years)
Redshift occurs with the expansion of the universe. A photon from a star has less energy in observing it than in emitting it. What about the energy balance and the law of conservation of energy on this scale?
Will time travel ever become a reality?
Now that a lot of research is being done on Mars to send astronauts there, the world is not so interested in space, so why don't they send anyone to the moon to keep the world fascinated? Jan-Alexander 10 y
To treat sweaty feet, the spreading of boric acid chips is still recommended. Quid underlying explanation for this treatment? In other words, "What chemical process is the basis here?" Thanks !
Star trek or star wars? Which is scientifically most realistic?
can it be economically and ethically defended that more and more (basic) foods are patented?
The big Bang. The expansion of the universe is usually represented as a vase lying on its side, which unfolds from one point to the right. Shouldn't the universe open in all directions, like a balloon inflated from a central point?
Where does everything come from? The Big Bang doesn't explain everything
Are we, just like atoms, protons, neurons, part of a particle? Could it be that the universe as we see it is at the core of an atom where there is something much larger outside it and that our universe is actually a core?
+ MUIDE means a river mouth at sea (IJMUIDEN, DIKSMUIDE) - -MONDE is always the mouth of a river in another river. (Dendermonde) There is a 'difficult' phonetic explanation and always ignores the clear distinction; Unfortunately.
Do aquatic animals drink (such as fish, whales, shellfish, amphibians, ...), or is this just for mammals? If so, how? If not, why not?
Nuclear fusion, feasible in the "short" term?
Why do we have enough words to formulate existential questions, and why do we lack words to answer those questions? Once formulated as follows: "j'ai les maux pour le dire"
What factors underlie the disappearance of languages?
Given a 100% renewable energy scenario in which a large part of the energy is produced at a marginal cost of 0 € (e.g. PV, Wind) how will the energy price evolve?
Is man ever able to leave this earth to live somewhere else?
Will we ever be able to travel faster than light?
Can the aging process ever be stopped?
Why is it so bad when a woman's nipple is visible and a man's nipple is very common?
Nothing is faster than the light, but is the light equal to time or time equals gravity or how do you view time?
Will cold fusion ever be the solution to our energy problem?
Why does cramping in your little toe hurt so much?
Man is descended from the monkeys, what does man look like in a few thousand years? Knowing that man today lives longer and is bigger than man just 100 years ago.
How can we connect all lonely people in an accessible way?
Why do companies often ban PVC for harmful when blood donation bags consist of PVC?
Can cows live without humans?
How do they know what the inside of the Earth is? Have they been able to drill to the center of the earth?
How can we ensure that in our super diverse society we can live together as a super diverse human with other super diverse people
Are we ever going to be able to register people's thoughts, like a translation computer, and when.
When does a cow sleep?
Why do large passenger planes (genre Airbus A330, A380 or Boeing 777 and 787) seem to take off or land slower than smaller passenger planes when looking at them on the ground?
Why do civilian aircraft fly at such a high altitude (10,000 meters often)? Is that against the noise? Or do they consume less there?
Cars with launch control determine the ideal speed from a standstill to accelerate as quickly as possible. On dry roads, this is often + - 4,000 rpm. But does he know if he is on a wet surface because then the speed must be lower?
Can a handshake on greeting be omitted due to the spread of bacteria?
How can we reform politics so that equal opportunities really exist.
How could artificial intelligence and robotics play a prominent (er) role in the fight against terrorism?
Could we not produce the innovative battery developed in 2016 that removes CO2 from the air in large quantities and then use it in the car?
When do plants release their pollen / pollen, which some are allergic to?
Can't develop a molecule that safely stores and releases hydrogen molecules?
Therapy country: can we distinguish quatsch from reality?
Why do we hear so little about nuclear fusion?
Can literary studies ever be relevant in the social debate?
Is what I call green and what you call green the same? How can I know or prove that?
Why don't some people get fat no matter what they eat and how little they exercise, while others do?
How can you study a disease like ME / CFS if you don't have a clear definition for it? How do you select your research group? How do you know whether or not your hypothesis is correct or whether the research result is the result of your patient selection?
How can we, without having to invest in heavy infrastructure (roadsides, noise barriers), eliminate low-frequency noise (e.g. from motorways) in the garden (located at a short and medium distance from the source).
Will science be able to come up with an alternative if the bees' role is over because pesticides and the planet's general pollution are causing them to die out en masse?
How is it possible that, about essential global warming, the scientists can disagree?
How do we find the most suitable saddle for as many riders and horses as possible?
How can we as a horse sector focus on the safety of horses, riders / drivers and our environment?
Why is the Sun's Corona hotter than the Sun and how do the solar winds arise?
Is water going down by gravity or is it because water is liquid and fills every opening and is collected at the lowest point and can no longer move?
How is a flashback, and therefore the feeling that you have already experienced something, scientifically explained?
Can we conclude something from the trial of Duncan MacDougall and Gerry Nahum?
Why do I always have holes in my T-shirts at the height of my belly button? The price and quality have nothing to do with it, I am already behind that. (I never wear a belt) I would like a really scientific explanation.
Why do the windmills come to a standstill so often and cannot hydrogen be generated / stored with the electricity generated?
The Bible says that at the command of God Abraham went to kill his son Isaac. At the last moment, he was stopped by an angel. After all, he had proved that he blindly obeyed God and was rewarded for it. Who was or is this angel?
Can heaters also work with microwaves to heat the water instead of using gas or petroleum?
Humans are the only animal species that pollute their living environment in such a way that they become unlivable.
Dogs today can hardly walk loose anywhere, even if they are well behaved. Does this restriction in freedom not negatively affect their well-being?
How innate is talent? And to what extent can it be learned in the (first) years of life?
Are there smartphone batteries that have been active for a week or more?
Is there a plant that produces a lot of oxygen? If so, can we integrate it into cities in some way?
Is there a brick that serves as a filter for fine dust?
We know that we have about 7,618,000,000 people on this earth. But can we also calculate how many people have walked on this earth in the entire existence of man?
How much will sea level rise and what can we do to protect ourselves from it?
Can cancer be cured?
How can we stop the loss of biodiversity in the short term?
How can we get plastic microparticles from the ocean?
How do we stop global warming?
What effect does Trump have on society?
How many people do you have to jump up in 1 place to take Earth out of orbit?
Are we ever going to live on Mars?
Is there another universe?
what is the impact of smokers on air pollution?
How much effect does nutrition have on your health?
Are antibiotics broken down in our wastewater, is it purified, how does this happen, or are there residues in the drinking water like with hormonal products?
We used to take some photos on vacation that were "chemically" printed, which was bad for the environment. Now we keep thousands of photos in the cloud, but that cloud also uses a lot of energy. What is / was best for the environment?
Is there enough money for research into alternatives to animal testing?
Why does competition so often beat cooperative?
How many species of plants and animals exist worldwide?
How can we clean the oceans and seas from all plastic waste?
How many species of plants and animals have become extinct since the industrial revolution (through the fault of modern man)?
Is a lawn green?
Why is there always only one direction of the Big Bang portrayed? Surely it must expand in an infinite number of directions? In the direction of the bang we return in time, but what on the other side of the bang? Back forward? And aside?
How can we solve the overpopulation problem?
Are we slowing down our evolution by keeping everyone (including people with a non-beneficial mutation) alive and reproducing it?
Which gene or substance causes one person to produce an allergic reaction to a mosquito bite and the other not?
How come you don't sneeze at night?
Which odor molecule or combination of odor molecules makes mosquitoes more attracted to one person than another?
Suppose the universe is finite, what matter is beyond the universe?
Are distant space travel possible, knowing that the body enlarges when being in space? For example, when gravity is restarted, the nerves can become pinched when the spine is restored ?!
Why does my discus fish swim up against the vertical silicone edge in its aquarium?
What is the best way to control cockchafer beetles in my lawn, yew beetles, boxwood moths and spider mites on a greenhouse grape?
Does every person see colors the same way?
Will there ever be an alternative to antibiotics that does not present a resistance problem?
Is it possible to develop a vaccine for hereditary cancers?
Is there a drug that helps against heat allergy?
How can we all ensure that children / young people have a lot of sense for the rest of their lives to keep moving daily (in a very broad sense) / sports / ...?
Why does a car need annual technical checks and a human body?
when can I buy a self-driving car, level 5?
Why don't you get sweaty odor from sports clothes after washing?
Why, compared to other frequent conditions, is there so little progress in treating severe hernias / back injuries?
All kinds of money-consuming projects to combat environmental problems are proposed. One is even crazier than the other. Why simply no more forests are planted? Is this so difficult now? Flanders can become an example.
Why is there a continuing mass of immigration in Europe? Are the stories that Georges Soros is behind this? If not, then who for what purpose?
Why is the structure of a cancer cell so difficult to understand and fight after so many years, despite all those scientists and professors, powerful computers, machines even though a cancer cell is infinitely small.
The microwave is only used in the household, why not for heating or other applications?
Which plants can we plant in our gardens to attract pollinators and also make them a good habitat for local biodiversity?
Will we ever have detectors that can detect people with bad intentions?
What is the impact of climate change and loss of biodiversity on our way of eating?
People are getting bigger. Will this continue? If so, can our system handle this?
What is our impact internationally to strengthen scientific knowledge?
How can we better treat cystic fibrosis?
How can we combat air pollution in the most efficient and feasible way possible?
How harmful is a smartphone to humans?
How can lactose intolerance be treated better?
How come more and more people become lactose intolerant?
How come more and more people have to wear glasses at an early age?
Can hearing loss be recovered in the future?
Why is it that the diagnosis of 'behavioral disorder' (such as ADHD and ADD) seems to be made more and more often?
Why do we hear so little about research on thorium technology?
Who will find the miracle cure for Parkinson's?
How can we bring back extinct species?
How do we prevent animal species from becoming extinct?
How can we purify water efficiently and cheaply?
Is there a better alternative to plastic?
Can we purify microplastics from our environment?
Can batteries be developed that can supply huge parts of the country with electricity? This way we are not continuously dependent on the sun.
Can nuclear energy continue to exist, but in a more sustainable way? Recycle nuclear waste ect?
When do you think you can make a computer with sensors (sound, vision) as small as our head, thinking just as fast and having as much memory and working with less energy than our brains consume?
How come some babies have so many intestinal cramps?
Is there an environmentally friendly pesticide pesticide?
Is it still necessary to provide traffic information on the radio?
How can I best protect myself against insect bites?
When will a solution be found to replace nuclear reactors with other energy resources that are not dangerous to humans, animals and the environment?
Do big people have big feet too?
How can we tackle and cure neurodegenerative diseases (Parkinson's, ALS, Alzheimer's)? Why do some people develop neurodegenerative vision and others not?
How is it that the summers used to be different than now?
What can one do to live long?
Why do we become demented earlier?
Why are there more people with allergies now?
Did giants really exist before?
Why do certain people get dementia and others not?
how many windmills are needed for all of Belgium?
Can we make the deserts green again?
Can you use biodegradable plastics as packaging material?
How many deaths per year could one avoid if the trees were cut on the side of the road?
Can we reduce CO2 emissions with the help of algae?
Can we cultivate new organs from our own bone marrow from patients with a certain organ disease to use as a transplant?
Why do we have more laws all the time? Are we not going to adjust and limit everything in the long term so that nothing is allowed or allowed?
Why are our taxes so high?
How harmful is general mandatory sterilization for our domestic cat population?
How many meters will sea level rise if all ice melts on Earth and what% of all land (which countries, for example) would be under water?
Can Cro Magnon man be recreated on the basis of archaeological remains?
Who were the sea peoples who plunged parts of the Near East into darkness around 1200 BC and made great empires fall?
What is the essence of the living being 'human'?
Can magnetism be used to solve our mobility problems?
Can a device measure our biological functions so that we can respond adequately and quickly to signals from our body without blood, urine tests, scans, photos, etc.?
Can desalination of the sea not happen on a large scale so that we can avoid the disasters that are due to lack of potable water?
How can fire be created by friction?
If our earth is completely polluted, are we going to live on Mars or another planet?
Will it be sweltering at the North Pole in a few million years?
Will all life ever be extinct?
How will we look more modern in a few thousand years or will we get a flashback to prehistoric times?
Will the Earth ever explode?
Why do we sleep?
How come the hour exists
Will life be possible on Earth later?
Will professors ever be able to invent a means to live forever?
Why is it that when people touch each other, there is sometimes an electric shock?
Does fruit and other (edible) crops grown along a busy motorway contain (more) harmful substances than crops from a rural - low-traffic area?
How does the Hidden Markov Model work?
Can the artificially constructed waterways solve the mobility problem? Often located parallel to busy highways? Would these not serve better as an (exclusive) transport route for freight traffic?
What is high or low air pressure?
Why should the economy grow?
Has research already been done into the development of boxwood moth-resistant Buxus species?
Why does someone not like certain foods or dishes when another person likes them?
Is 'serious' research actually being conducted into the importance that certain foods may have on the human body? Both in a positive and negative sense,
Can someone think of a way or develop a device with which you can quickly measure the level of cortisol in your blood? (comparable to the way in which diabetics can check themselves how high the sugar in their blood is)
Why is it that no navigable rivers are used to generate electricity.
Why is there still no vaccine for human herpes viruses 1 and 2.
What is the difference between Islam as a culture and Islam as a religion?
In what way could we ensure that actors are more involved in the decision-making process of out-of-home placement?
Why do many religions seem violent?
Does humanity need religion?
How much would a general reduction in working hours with pay retention actually cost if you take everything into account. En labor costs, but also less expenditure and income in social security, unemployment, ...
Can we provide EVERY earth dweller with running (drinkable) water, regardless of the region where they live?
what is the most environmentally friendly? Heating 1,000 houses with electricity from 1 central or 1000 houses with oil fired boilers?
Will there ever be a solution to the problem of radioactive nuclear waste?
In an Olympic pool, swimming championships people always talk about fast jobs and slow jobs. apart from influences such as side swell, water temperature and others ... could it be that the Coriolis effect plays a role?
how many planets are estimated to be viable for humans in the universe?
how much does the globe weigh?
In the currently known universe, are there more atoms than 10 to the power of 100 (1 Gogol) ??
when is the world going to end.
In Africa and other warm regions, there is enough solar energy to desalinate seawater on one side, usable to irrigate the arid soils, and on the other hand, this energy could be transported to other regions. Why is this not yet possible
What are causes and solutions for low back pain?
Is it true if you read a lot that you really get smarter?
why do dogs only understand 200 words. why not anymore?
Why do people abuse dogs?
Why are fitness clubs not subsidized?
why does the brain have so many cells?
why do you have to wear a helmet when you cycle?
why are the old people sometimes driven into solitude?
Should education no longer invest in the development of (digital) animations and films to cover teacher shortages?
how do you cut the nails of your right hand with nail scissors, just as easily as the nails of your left hand, and why can't you just put it off?
Is our mathematician correct, and is this built into nature or rather a figment of man?
If we could ever time travel, would we arrive safely in the past / future?
Why is there an expiration date on bottled water?
Will new diseases arise?
How come a mobile phone knows the north?
If we now all use alternative energy such as wind and water energy, geothermal energy, wave energy, ... will that have no undesirable effects? For example on the rotational speed, precession, orbit, sea currents ...
Why and when is a day / night divided in 24 hours, why is an hour in 60 minutes and a minute in 60 seconds. shared? Eg. why not shorter hours and 25 hours instead of 24 hours? Or shorter minutes and 100 min instead of 60? So 100 sec. instead of 60?
Can cancer be detected faster?
Can it be ensured that, in Belgium, everyone with a certain disease can receive the best possible diagnosis and treatment for it?
Will our society, based on work and paying taxes to finance our personal and social life, be sustained? What is the alternative?
From May it will be possible to test self-driving cars on Belgian roads. There is a strong focus on technological development, but have the ethical questions already been resolved?
Do robots (whatever their shape) have rights?
Why has overcrowding become a theme that has not been mentioned in debates in recent years? The theme seems taboo nowadays. What is the explanation for that?
Can you reduce side effects of chemotherapy?
Can you prevent tree pollen allergy?
What are the causes of autoinflammation in children?
Can you develop techniques to recycle solar panels in the long term?
Can't you equip the roof of cars with solar cells to continuously charge a battery?
Do tumor cells use similar migration mechanisms as normal cells during metastasis?
Can you find markers for detecting mesothelioma?
Can you come up with a specific treatment for mesotheliomas and other rare cancers?
Can you predict whether someone will react allergically to new foods (eg insects)?
The earth's core contains a swirling mass that cools to the surface. Why is it technically not yet possible to use that energy, for example. to produce electricity?
As the growth of electric vehicles increases, does this also mean that there is a prospect of growth for our electricity bill?
Why do teachers argue so much among themselves?
Everything comes out of the ground, oil, food, you name it. How is it that the earth does not get smaller?
Have we caused the advance of cancer itself by (technological) evolution? Or was it just as common in ancient times, for example, but people just didn't know?
We all learn at school that white light breaks into a spectrum, refractive index ... But what actually happens at particle, photon, wave ... Does light propagate in a cylindrical form (3D) or sine (2D)? Golf is always drawn in 2D
Northern Lights: how do the typical curtain patterns come about? Vertical invasion of space particles? But what about waves?
Why is the sea surface often quieter during the morning and the morning than at other times of the day? The Mediterranean in particular: mirror surface without ripple.
What is the link between language and ideology?
It is about perspective (lines to the horizon that converge) or objects that shrink from a distance (large plane on the ground becomes small high in the sky) - I am looking for an explanation for this - to see something with our eyes? Bulging earth?
Plants that depend on insect pollination sometimes adapt their appearance to the type of insect they want to attract. How can a plant know (no eyes) what color to take, or what shape?
How many chemicals does a random piece of fruit or vegetable contain?
Will global warming still allow us to grow the same plants in our vegetable garden?
How do modern technologies influence culture and our perception of it?
When will wafer-thin insulation come?
Due to the leakage of radioactive material into the sea, can the rain become radioactive? If yes, how far across the country could this radioactive rain spread?
What do blind people see?
Will there still be chefs in the future or will it be made by robots?
We will live in space within 250 years.
Will there still be chefs or will it be packed by robots?
We are going to colonize space within a few years
What do you smell in space?
Can you feel a "broken heart"?
How can I no longer suffer from stomach and rib pain?
What happens to Earth when a star like supernova explodes in our neighborhood?
Why nowadays people sit UP ON a table instead of ON a table, or on the back of a sofa instead of on the seat of the sofa? Do all these people have an inferiority complex?
How much is a tree worth?
Why is public transport so uncomfortable?
Why do people put their toes in the water to feel how warm it is when there is more temperature in your fingers?
How is it possible that people can live here on earth?
How can you avoid a cold sore?
What does each type of car really leave behind as a 'footprint'?
What is the impact of a windmill on the environment?
Does everyone see the world in the same colors?
How come if you remove catnip it always comes back? How can you fight it?
Why does it say "the universe is growing"? Isn't it infinite then?
Why is it that Lyme disease has been found so difficult or often late?
Why are invasive exotics such as Prunus serotina (Am. Bird cherry), Hyacinthoides hispanica (Spanish hyacinth), Ambrosia artemisiifolia (Alsemambrosia), Cyperus eragrostis (Pale cypergrass) ... not on the list of plants to be controlled in Europe?
What is the correct function of the sinus node of the heart, it can be turned off and then restored.
Buildings are becoming increasingly insulated. What effect does this have on our biodiversity?
Beet farmers ask to continue using neonicotinoids. How important is beet cultivation? Can farmers switch to other crops? What alternatives do they have?
How come I can't smell anything anymore?
How can terminal clarity be explained in people with dementia, who may or may not be in the sunken phase?
What could be the consequences of certain forms of geo-engineering, in which substances (nano allu dust; barium etc., from: usa navy patent n ° 3899144) are blown at high altitude by airplanes?
What are the possible consequences and / or risks for our young adults if they will grow up untreated with ADD / ADHD without diagnosis?
There are so many people with an autoimmune disease (eg Crohn's disease). Why is it impossible to cure it? Will it ever be possible?
How important are single-celled organisms for our health? For example, those in the intestines or also those in the vagina ...
How is it that all the elements from Mendeljev's table can be found on Earth when this is a rarity in space?
What is the treatment for Richardson's disease (progressive supranuclear palsy)?
How did the different skin colors come about?
Why does the Earth rotate and why does it keep rotating?
Do blind people (blind from birth) have imagination?
Are mammography and MRI harmful to health?
What is the influence of an ever increasing CO2 concentration on the plants and the animal world (including humans)?
Will hospitals ever be able to work without doctors using software?
Do you get drunk faster if you let pure alcohol evaporate in the form of an alcohol sauna and breathe directly into your lungs, thereby avoiding vomiting?
Why do the Flemish hate French speakers? Historical cause? Political manipulation?
hello, I read in National Geographic Junior that the naked mole rat has a substance in his body so he cannot get cancer. Why don't the scientists use this as a medicine or as a vaccination against that disease?
Transcription factors in the cytoplasm are activated by membrane receptors, translocate to the nucleus, and induce specific transcription of mRNA. How can it be explained through evolution that all these molecules have "come together correctly"?
Partly due to globalization (trade, travel, ...) and climatic changes, more and more exotic animal and plant species end up in Flanders. What is the impact of this on the different ecosystems in Flanders?
How is it that the sun can 'make' fruits with a lot of water (such as watermelon and mango), while these fruits just grow in less watery regions?
Has a bird ever flown outside the atmosphere?
How does a blister plaster work?
Why is the quality of telephone calls (still) so poor on the radio?
What is the cause of the production of antibodies (eg thyroid)? Why is the cause not adjusted instead of simply supplementing the deficiencies caused (to certain hormones) with a pill?
What is the effect of an open landscape agency on concentration and general well-being?
Why do retirees go shopping on Saturdays?
Why is cat hair so difficult to remove (blankets, pillows, seat covers, ...) even in the wash?
Why are we (some of them) so devoted / fascinated / interested / fascinated / attracted / endeared / ... by cats?
How come some can open their eyes immediately when they surface and others have to rub their eyes?
Can we ever prove scientifically whether there is life after death?
What is the best way to make a city center accessible? Financial efficiency, effects on health and well-being of city residents, comfort for commuters and city residents, economic appeal, ... many factors, how do we weigh up?
Will I still be able to live / survive if I decide not to go along with the new developments of smartphones, apps, smart TVs, online services, (smart) cameras, ... Where is my freedom of choice? What about my privacy?
Why is money so valuable?
How is it that in our consumer society there can sometimes be such a big difference between needs on the one hand and needs on the other. And the rationale and temptation?
How come some ancient buildings are still in such good condition (and my house that is a little over 100 years old still needs some renovation here and there)?
How come "illusionists" and "magicians" can keep their tricks a secret?
Will the "ch" ever disappear in words like logical, practical, ...?
A friend with a cargo bike full of children is scolded: “Do you know how dangerous this is?” Dangerous in Dutch has two meanings: causing danger and calling danger. Are there languages that have 2 separate words for this?
How come dinosaurs had such colossal dimensions compared to the animal kingdom today.
Everyone is always concerned with nuclear energy, windmills, solar energy, energy with fossil fuels, but there is never talk of cold fusion. While this would be a solution for all energy issues and the environment. Why?
Why is ebb and flow not subject to the attraction of the moon everywhere? In Great Britain you sometimes have meters difference between the tides, while on the Spanish Costas there is almost no ebb and flow
How can we as a society organize and prepare for the demo-graphic mega trend of aging?
How far can we go in calling on and overburdening caregivers if they take care of someone who is heavily dependent on care?
In view of the major climate changes that we increasingly have to observe, how will the four seasons evolve?
Fake or Real? The tests they do (eg in Ecuador) to the left of, to the right of and on the equator line. Example: 1m to the north: the water turns downwards clockwise. 1m to the south: the water turns counterclockwise. Is this possible?
How do blood pressure lowerers work?
Given the rise of on demand, will the TV offer (programming) still exist as soon as we know it, look back, already watch options, etc.?
Why are the sessions of the University of Flanders not broadcast on TV as standard?
Why are exactly 20,000 participants in Curuzezeneuzen selected (why this number) and why are we not taking the opportunity to measure more than just NO2?
Will this initiative ('question for science') be repeated within 10 years?
How is it that allergies cannot be cured?
Why have we been experiencing severe thunder lately?
How is sugar paste made?
Why does the water supplier not provide descaled or low-lime drinking water?
Is it possible to teach an animal to talk?
When do self-driving cars start driving in Belgium?
How safe is a bicycle?
How expensive will a mobile phone be in 20 years?
Where is power from solar panels at sunny day without consumption and off grid Want to lay a set of 5Kva (not grid connected) that will only be used for car charging and pool heating
How many plants should a person with a Western lifestyle put in order to neutralize their CO2 emissions?
How do we solve the demand for more and more food without needing more agricultural land?
Can Rilatin be combined with alcohol?
How can we realize the unconditional basic income for everyone?
Why do we sometimes get a lot of thunder lately?
How do you let people change their behavior so that they do things that are good for our planet by themselves. How do you prevent their brains from collapsing, choose the bicycle if they have to travel less than 5 km, turn off the light, etc.
Animals "learn" from their instinct, but how did this "originate"? Newborn animals do / leave things out of that instinct, while they never "learned" it? Amazing, but ... where does it come from? And what does neuroscience already know about it?
What role does science play in making a program like the mole out of four?
Did the Big Bang already contain everything we now find in space, or are atoms (mass) constantly added? And where do they come from?
Where does the gas cloud from which our solar system, a galaxy, is formed, come from? Is this part of the "dark matter" that is suddenly beginning to densify?
We read about electric cars, hybrid cars, advantages of petrol cars over diesel cars, cars that run on gas, etc ... But: What is the total objective environmental cost of each type of car?
Why is not massively deployed on public transport and other working methods?
If the 4 dimensional space expands at an accelerated rate, what is the effect on the dimension time? Is it possible that it shrinks?
Foot reflexology: beneficial to the organs or just a pleasant massage?
In this digital world, why is the money immediately withdrawn from your account during a weekend transfer, but not immediately deposited into the beneficiary's account?
How can we reduce gravity on Earth under certain circumstances?
How do the diamond crystals grow?
Research leads to many findings that are ignored by politicians. How can the policy be based more strongly on facts and knowledge than opinions
Can big data help distinguish fake news from real news?
Two days ago was in the newspaper with the title "The diamond is hip again". The question is are they only 'girl's best friend' or is it possible that they are also a 'scientist or engineer's best friend'?
Cat's tail, a nasty weed in the garden! Can science offer a natural method to repel these weeds?
Is artificial diamond the same as real (natural) diamond?
How come your leg or arm sometimes "sleeps" after a while in the same position? And why does that numb and tingling sensation go away in not 1 but 2 waves?
How come a fresh egg bounces after it has been in the vinegar for a week?
How come we have a shortage of electricity despite the fact that there are so many solar panels on the roofs?
Why isn't more money and energy being pumped into research into hydrogen fuel cells?
How is it that you start a sentence in a conversation that falls right on its feet without having thought up word for word what exactly you want to say and how?
Where are memories stored in our brain?
What evolutionary use is tartar?
How to stay healthy in old age?
Diesel supplies too much NOX on combustion, which is why the content of N-containing components does not decrease and also the content of glycerol that gives rise to particulate matter due to incomplete combustion. Self ignition system = high efficiency
Why are we aging, and why is this process so different between people?
How many people can our earth handle in terms of food, energy ...?
Which physical forces take place between 0 and the shortest time interval (planck time) and between 0 and the smallest length (planck length)? According to Hans Ulrich Keller, there is simply nothing between 0 and the shortest time or length.
The higher, the colder and warm air rises I learned earlier. How is that possible?
Can Autism be a link in evolution? Will its features prove useful in the distant future?
Can diamond be used to detect small magnetic fields?
How come diamond has different colors? Pink, black, yellow, blue etc.etc ?!
Is diamond the same as silicon?
What if the Earth can warm up again to Late Cretaceous temperatures?
Is drinking a beer against a hangover a good idea?
Why do you feel drunk faster after drinking 2 glasses of beer (pils) than after drinking 2 glasses of wine?
How can we help people grow old healthier?
Is life an illusion?
The chronic fatigue syndrome. Much controversy around. When will there be a study on this disease and specialists will work together in an overarching way to solve this disease? Hormonal deficits the cause?
How great is the influence of light pollution on the starry sky, nocturnal animals and human health? Is the choice of white LED lighting for public lighting not going to aggravate light pollution?
why is there no longer a focus on hydrogen as an energy source? available via electrolysis of renewable energy, can be stored, can be used as a gas or via a hydrogen engine, security will not be more expensive than for nuclear energy
How far can we as human beings go in tuning research to our own wishes? Where is the boundary between human needs and wants?
How can you save electricity from summer (solar panels provide more than one family uses) for winter (to keep your heat pump heating going)? Preferably on a small scale (a family, a neighborhood).
Do plants have a “genetic” memory? The lime tree propagates through seeds with wings. Throughout the evolutionary process, how can a “brainless” lime tree know what the shape of those wings must be in order to optimize its chance of survival.
Why are fries (and other unhealthy things) often more delicious than healthy things?
Does hair still have 'a use' in people?
Why are we almost never sick and other children are?
Why do some people or children never cry and others very often? Is crying 'useful', by the way?
Why does the sky sometimes turn pink at sunset?
Does the air quality (due to pollution from industry, cars, particulate matter, etc.) affect cultivated vegetables?
Is it possible and healthy to "skip" menopause?
What happens to a normal distribution when one releases a transformation like it is used in an SMV? (for simplicity: an RBF and a linear transformation)
Why is our surplus energy not stored as hydrogen?
What is the food of the future?
Is there a future for GM crops in Europe?
How can DNA techniques help to make better crops?
Why does it take so long before we can make a new plant variety? Can this process be accelerated in the future?
How will we ensure enough locally produced food in the future while the agricultural area in Flanders is disappearing at a rapid pace?
What can big data mean for farmers?
How can we overcome plant diseases if there is an increasing ban on chemical pesticides?
How come flies quickly find their way inside the house, but no longer outside? And where do those fruit flies suddenly come from ???
Can a peptide be developed in the future compatible with all tumor cells and also disable it?
Ticks, lice, fleas ... useless animal species, because no food for other animals. Can't they be eradicated with DNA poison? I mean, something that only affects their DNA (a species-specific marker), thus inhibiting reproduction?
Can we artificially imitate / add the techniques of epigentics (DNA methylation, ...) to the DNA in order to suppress diseases, ...?
Is there a direct link between the physical effects of not sleeping enough and the economic performance in Western society?
Is it possible to make or research another product to replace antibiotics?
How can cancer stem cells hinder cancer (and is this theory correct)?
What function have the three Holy books had for current literature?
What is the cause of the development difference between the Middle East and Europe?
Why 'discovered' Europe America and not the other way around?
Why do some medicines have such an impact on our body (thickening)?
Is it possible to measure magnetic fields remotely, even if Zeemann splitting of spectral lines cannot be used?
Can the so-called 'space weather' be predicted? And do we know the physical and chemical effects that underlie it?
"How many organisms" can (survive) on earth?
Imagine that there are creatures on a planet outside our solar system and that you can zoom in on these creatures with a powerful telescope from Earth. Do you see these creatures how they are walking now or how they were walking years ago?
Is our mind (what we think and are) immortal?
Can science provide hologram skype with simultaneous translation between people of different native languages?
Can we (in a reactor or a machine) convert CO2 with light into usable substances. In short, recreate what a green leaf does.
What is the importance of biodiversity for humans.
Why can foreign aid votes not be registered?
Compare the ecosystem services that heath provides compared to those of forests. What are the conclusions? In what respect are heather areas designated in Flanders compared to forests: biodiversity, heritage, landscape experience, CO2 ..?
Does it hurt to boil the same water several times in a kettle for coffee, tea, ...?
Why is brain cells not or insufficiently repairing the havoc caused by a CVA and how can the production of new brain cells in the area of Wernicke and Broca be promoted?
Poor man and loneliness
What are the advantages / disadvantages of modern nuclear energy concepts that are already being worked on elsewhere in the world?
What is artificial intelligence?
The String theory: what is it and how many theories are there now?
Why is the hydrogen engine not commercialized?
What is the total energy balance for energy generation for different types of power plants?
Can someone think of a way or develop a device with which you can quickly measure the level of cortisol in your blood?
What are the income and expenditure when introducing the unconditional basic income?
Why do mosquitoes buzz?
Can science calculate the total energy needed to convert grain into bread?
What would society look like with the organismic society model?
Migration and immigration policy in the Roman Empire, curse or blessing?
Why does liquid make a brrr sound just before it boils?
Healthy or unhealthy? When is something unhealthy? Biscuit or fruit? Vegetables or candies? Water or wine?
How can we make the great mountain of plastic waste disappear into the sea?
Can the right diet ensure that we stay healthy and that we have to take less medication?
Why are there now more people who suffer from hay fever?
Where does the language border originate?
Can you make the same amount of water boil more economically by gradually increasing the heat, than immediately using a large fire?
Commonly heard: Remove tapeworm by fasting for several days, then sit open-mouthed over a bowl of warm milk (or so). He comes out looking for food. Gently pull out ... Is this correct?
How does a rabbit dig a pipe? The first part is easy. But how do they do when they are a meter deeper and further? (dark, narrow, far from the exit) How do they work the ground out without closing themselves in?
Should we tackle population growth or should we invest in facilities for more people?
What is the influence of robot development on the evolution of society?
Why did Latin have such an impact on Dacia / Romania, despite the relatively short occupation by the Romans?
Does the law of conservation of energy also apply within the universe? If so, what was there before 'The Big Bang' because there must be as much energy before as after it happened?
Is the variable time something constant? Or should we see time as a variable speed, so on some parts in our universe time is slower and in other parts faster? What happens to planets and stars when time slows down?
Why are the motorway exits in Belgium so large compared to the Netherlands.
Why is modular building in Flanders not encouraged by the government?
Is there a great deal of research in Flanders into water turbines that can generate energy and can thus be placed in the sea?
Wouldn't it be interesting to capture all the energy of cars that is lost when driving on the roads / highway to be able to use this energy for other purposes.
Can an infinite world be created?
Will we all eat vegetarian in the future?
How can we heat and cool our buildings in a sustainable and affordable way?
Will we soon have a (bio) sensor that measures how much energy you consume and absorb and can therefore immediately indicate how much food you can / may consume?
Why is it already very far in the fight against cancer and can a (simple) cold hardly be cured?
Why do you have to cough when cleaning your ears?
The new Hawking-Duke theory? 'Finite' or 'Infinite' universe ... both cannot be grasped. How do you explain this 'contradiction' in an understandable way?
How many government agencies are ready for IOT (Internet Of Things) devices. This in terms of mobility, maintenance and information as major starting points.
Is it true that more and more people are developing allergies? Also at a later age? How did that happen?
Why do we get goosebumps when we hear something sad / gripping?
Why do people seem to develop more food allergies today than they used to?
How come when you jump out of an airplane reach a maximum speed?
Cells are constantly renewing in a body. How does a stomach cell know that it should become a stomach cell and not another cell?
How can a phenomenon like consciousness with apparently free will emerge from an apparently dead, largely causal universe?
Which jobs are safe and which jobs are being challenged by advances in technology and robotics?
What are the chances of a worldwide crash of all existing servers?
Has any research been done into the positive effects of Trauma Release Excercises? (TRE)
How do we ensure less air pollution in cities?
Evolution is going to make male nipples disappear (since they're useless anyway).
How can we better involve citizens in policy in the future? What does the democracy of the future look like?
How can recognizing fake news be embedded in education?
Is our electricity network sufficiently suitable for the increasing energy demand? Is it feasible in this regard to have 50% of all cars run electrically?
How can we recognize and counter manipulation via media ranging from selective information to fake news?
Can artificial intelligence take over the role of a behavioral therapist or even make it more efficient?
Which features of Fake News make this so convincing / viral?
How can we ensure that society only supports / pays care that is based on evidence?
Is Violence Genetically Determined? If so, can this 'violent' gene be genetically modified?
There is a lot of conscience around evidence-based counseling techniques for mental health problems. Many therapists do not use these or create their own variant. How can the framework of evidence-based working find more acceptance in psychological care?
Violence differs greatly over time? What forms of violence will we face in the future?
Which positive incentives (fiscal?) Could encourage citizens to adopt more sustainable and ecologically responsible behavior?
If people are convinced to live more in the city, how do you give space back to nature? How do you undo ribbon development?
Do people experience verbal abuse other than physical violence?
What is the relationship between autoimmune diseases and cancer? How does immunotherapy fit into this?
How can we deal with the increase in autoimmune diseases?
How can researchers share knowledge faster?
How quickly do we become resistant to medicines?
What models for political renewal does science see? Is representative democracy as we know it the best model to represent citizens?
How do we make medicines available faster and more affordable for more people?
Is representative democracy as we know it reconcilable with long-term thinking that is necessary for the energy transition / sustainability ambitions?
How can we tackle and prevent the causes of autoimmune diseases?
How can art, culture, literature play a role in stimulating citizenship?
What is the impact / significance of cultural evolution on biological evolution?
How do you make children 'global citizens' with a sense of diversity and civic spirit?
Cancer will eventually be conquered. What is the next 'major' disease of the future?
If cancer is predictable, should we communicate to patients in the context of prevention? Will insurance premiums become more expensive if I know I will get cancer someday?
Which environmental factors play a major role in causing cancer?
Do we need to further enable natural selection and evolution?
Is it possible / feasible that people would only work with interest / meaning (intrinsic motivation) and not out of economic necessity (extrinsic motivation)?
How can we ensure that the cultural identity of an individual is not compromised and we can still strive for an optimal society?
Will nature (biological evolution) always be able to recover?
How can culture protect nature?
Is the current scientific practice suitable for solving complex sustainability issues?
How can science achieve the circular economy faster?
How can the multi-ethnicity of the Roman empire provide a guideline for the refugee problems of our contemporary society?
What are the biggest research challenges related to sustainability today?
If waste is bad design, how can we better support the economy, designers, etc.?
Where does the boundary of sustainability lie? What is the optimal interpretation / perfection regarding sustainability?
Is the circular economy the solution for more sustainability? Will there be even better alternatives?
How can we reduce the risk of exotics?
Can exotics be removed efficiently (and humanely)?
Are exotics always a problem? When is it? When not?
How irreversible is global warming?
Which exotics are a threat to our ecosystem?
How can you effectively motivate people to take care of their health and the environment?
Is the definition of exotics in need of revision, in function of climate change?
Would there ever be a world war 3?
Can exotics sometimes also have advantages and be used specifically?
How do temperature fluctuations affect our health?
How can we combat global warming without sacrificing prosperity?
What can we do ourselves to combat global warming?
How quickly is biodiversity declining and what is the risk of food production in Flanders?
To what extent do environmental changes affect current sports performance?
How can you stimulate the personal development of children in education?
Is the education powerful enough to meet the personal needs of all children?
Why does it take so long for humans to reach adulthood compared to other mammals?
Is music a language?
Is 'mind' genetically manipulable?
Which animals must be 'protected' as a priority so that our food production is maintained?
Can we ever transplant someone's "mind"?
Can robotic vehicles be developed that pick up and recycle pollution?
How can you motivate people to take less cars and more bicycles?
Will we be able to reverse global warming?
What is the root cause of terrorism?
How do you determine the rights of robots in the future?
Are there major differences in awareness and taking action on climate among different cultures?
How can a monument be made energy-efficient without damaging its heritage value (s)?
What will Dutch look like in a hundred years?
How many children are responsible / needed per family and on what factors does this depend?
Will the scientific quest ever end? Will we ever know everything?
What do cats see????????
How can we, as an individual family, contribute to sustainable living?
How do we bridge the gap between intentions and solutions in the field of climate?
How can we cure cancer efficiently?
How well do we understand each other?
How can we get governments to base themselves more on science for their policy?
There are all kinds of gadgets to help drivers (parking assistance, airbags, ...). Could there be such a thing for cyclists / pedestrians?
How come water at 20 ° feels cold while we are happy when it is 20 ° outside and experience it as 'warm'?
How can artificial intelligence contribute to safer traffic?
How is West Flemish connoted by other provinces?
How do speakers of other languages learn Dutch if so many people in their area speak dialect?
How important is language for identity?
How does a dialect evolve?
How can we preserve local dialects in our culture?
Will dialects ever disappear?
How about 2300 Dutch?
Will new dialects be added due to globalization, for example?
Do dialects in sign language also exist?
When does a word become an official word that is included in the dictionary?
Will the functioning of the human brain ever be fully chartable.
Which social model effectively reconciles individualism and solidarity?
How can they strengthen the innovation capacity of companies?
How do we let musicians / artists live from their art without surrendering to commerce?
How can we reduce the time between an innovative idea and the effective marketing of the innovative product that results from it?
What can athletes learn from musicians and vice versa?
Can we ever read minds?
What happens in our head when we are moved by music?
How can we detect and control diseases like Alzheimer's earlier?
Which criteria determine whether something is literature?
How do you let art live outside an economic context?
Is there a limit to innovation (in other words, will new ideas ever run out?)?
Who decides what 'good' literature is?
How accurate is a lie detector?
Do we have free will?
What is the influence of music on our well-being?
How will our food (food supply) evolve further?
Why does someone shed tears when he / she is sad or just very happy?
How much surface area does it take to provide an individual with sustainable food?
If Bob Dylan wins the Nobel Prize for literature, does that mean that (all) pop songs are literature?
Can we make 'better' artificial brains by making more artificial connections between neurons? Or by using more neurons than there are in human brains?
How long will it take to offset the effects of pollution on biodiversity?
What is the importance of social innovation versus technological innovation?
Is politics still largely determined / driven by ideology and conviction? Would it make sense (more) to make decisions based on figures and big data?
Are there any dangers associated with fully mapping our brains?
how much our globe gets heavier every day and can it carry us
Is terrorism of all times? And if so, is our mobile, digital way of life here a stimulator or a way to slow it down?
How do we define effectiveness for a social model?
What is heritage? Why are some unique old buildings demolished and others not?
How can we make traffic safer for weak road users,
With statistics you can explain everything / deliver a message as it suits you. How can we avoid this?
How high is the need for a standard method to quantify sustainability?
Are religious lessons at school still contemporary? Are not subjects like history and philosophy that promote critical thinking more useful to our children?
How safe is it to introduce automatic control of means of transport (trucks, bicycles, ...)?
How can we permanently change the 'polluter' mentality?
How do you limit trips to only the strictly necessary or desired?
How can people make their gardens better for biodiversity, bees, ...?
What is the role of the government in promoting a sustainable lifestyle?
How effective is nonviolent communication (Marshall Rosenverg) and how can it be widely adopted?
How can we involve the population more in the policy pursued and the policy to be determined?
How can we ensure clean air in the city?
How many people can our planet handle?
What influence does the 'fake news' hype have on policy making?
How can science help to reduce the problem of terrorism?
How can we avoid A.I. (artificial intelligence) can turn against us?
How can all necessary information to implement a policy be collected in a structured manner?
Can we increase crop yields of essential crops without genetic engineering?
Insulation is top. But what is the social, ecological cost of recycling all that insulation in the future?
How do we ensure that different modes of transport account for their total social cost?
How can research into rare diseases be financed?
How come people who are annoyed every day in a traffic jam (in the car) take the car the next day?
Would it be a good idea if we could 'direct' people's development?
How valuable is it, for example, to protect the panda, which is mortgaging its own survival, from extinction?
How to make old homes energy efficient without making homes unaffordable for people with less money?
How do we make a fair contribution to sustainability for every type of building?
Can Athenian direct democracy be a cure for our failing representative democracy?
What actions can our generation take in order not to hinder biological evolution?
Is there a measurable / significant difference in 'genome' between different cultures?
Why are archaeological excavations important to society?
How can you continue to track 'the polluter' through flexible, ever-changing production chains?
How can a faster transition to global commons with local effect be stimulated?
How can we automatically charge the cost of pollution to the polluter?
Which method can best calculate sustainability? What seems sustainable to one may not be sustainable to another.
Why is there still no effective treatment for reflux disease in babies?
How can you help individual citizens to live more sustainably?
Is "you" the new "you"?
Does English eat Dutch?
How can we really organize inclusive education in Flanders?
Why is earth magnetism and gravity not used to generate energy?
Can science find a solution to better install manhole covers (of sewers) in the road surface so that they do not sag as quickly.
Can we transform Mars into a habitable planet?
To what extent is IQ hereditary and / or determined by external factors?
Can a universal translation app be developed or does it already exist?
Is Crohn's disease hereditary?
What is the effect of the mother's medication use on her unborn child and on the child's later stages of life?
Can people who are blind see images when they dream? If so, can they also know what color is which? Eg. when they see a tree in their dream, do they know that the trunk of the tree is brown?
What are the advantages of connecting Belgian nature?
How harmful are nanoparticles to our health?
How can we best combat poaching and illegal wildlife trade?
If the dialects disappear, how would our general national language eventually sound?
Is there any other (better? More modern? More correct?) Method to determine the gravitational constant than the Cavendish torsion balance method?
How do we get a 5V-12V DC network as soon as possible?
How can we control massive forest fires faster and more efficiently?
What better way than face masks to protect you from air pollution? (Nora, age 13)
When will hydrogen be widely used in traffic?
When will one be able to stop the aging process
How can we keep the food chain sustainable? (Ferdinand, age 9)
Since we are already using more raw materials than the earth can supply and so we are living on reserves, combined with the fact that man continues to reproduce, how long for mankind to dig his own grave?
How can we prevent cancer? There are cancer-causing balls in the artificial grass mats! How can we do that differently? (Viktor, age 11)
Can we make a flying robot?
Why do people sometimes not take good care of each other? And what can we do about it? (Viktor, age 9)
How can you put that hard long tute in your ear? people sometimes really suffer from that! (Jules, 12 years old)
It may be that there are more elements than are currently known on Mendeljev's table
how come there is war
Our current biggest problem is not overcrowding
How do we get the sea clean again? (Fifths, 11 years))
In our economy, everything has to keep increasing, in numbers and price. This cannot be stabilized.
How can we make more peace agreements? (Kasper, 11 years old)
Why does our (subjective) perception differ from time?
How can our homes be more economically lit? (Lander, age 12)
Is it okay for a 2.5 year old to go to kindergarten? Isn't that much later in many other countries?
how come the smile and tear are so close together, eg if miss world puts the crown on her head and should laugh with sheer happiness, then she starts crying, how do you explain that?
How can we make self-driving cars really safe? (Lander, age 11)
How can we play computer games without becoming addicted? (Gillian, 11 years old)
How do we make good means of transport cheaper (the train) and bad ones more expensive (plane)?
Should we put limits on the growing population?
How can you turn sea water into drinking water? (anonymous)
can't we solve a lot of problems with GMO?
How can we make healthy sweets that are also tasty? (Hanne, 8 years old)
How can we make more room for public transport and reduce the number of cars? Jaan, 11 years old
How can we make energy without nuclear power plants? Ferre, 11 years old
How can we learn in a fun way? (Emma, 9 years old)
How can we organize more fairs like AND & play with computers and robots and stuff? Aldo 11 years
Can a robot also prepare tasty food?
How can we get more people to exercise? Staff, 10 years
How can we continue to stimulate memory as we age?
How can all countries live in peace? Allison, age 11
How can we ensure that everyone has enough to eat? Stan, 11 years old
Why are we so against GMO?
How can you ensure that many more people drive an electric car? Inez, 10 years old
How can we make sure that skin color doesn't matter? Allison 11 years old
How can you turn a drawing into a real object? (eg a drawing of a cake becomes a real cake)
How did the stories of the 1001 night come about?
How can we make sure it doesn't matter if you are gay / lesbian? Allison, age 11
Was Augustine really a Berber?
Why aren't more people taking good care of the environment? How can we get them to do that? Inez, 10 years old
How can we ensure that poor countries are no longer poor? (Gitte, 11 years old)
How do we ensure that everyone can easily go to the store, including disabled people and older people? Inez, 10 years old
How can we reduce bullying? (Luna, age 11)
How can we kill fewer animals by eating less meat? (Jasmien, 11 years old)
How can we get more people to cycle instead of driving the car? (Myrte, age 13)
Why are people at war and how can we stop it?
Would it be a good thing for all expectant families to take a parenting course first?
Can we make a trip to Mars in the future? Kato, 11 years old
In how many years will robots be around everywhere? Lieselotte, 11 years old
How come we have dyslexia and dyscalculia and dyspraxia? (Charlotte, Jitske, Amari, 10 years old and we all have dyslexia and dyscalculia)
Why can we breathe? Could we breathe without lungs in the future? Nele, 10 years old
Will there be pills in 20 years that you will not die and that there is no overcrowding? Milo, 11 years old
How can we make paper without trees? (Kasper, 11 years old)
What will we do if the world is overpopulated? Michiel, 12 years old
How do we take better care of nature together? That nature does not disappear! In the Netherlands there is much more greenery than in Belgium (Kwinten, 11 years)
Could we ever travel at the speed of light? Bueno, 12 years old
Could a machine be made that can close the hole in the ozone layer?
What can we children do to keep us busy instead of gaming? (Kasper, 11 years old)
How can you make sure your chain never falls off your bike again? Ture, 9 years old
How can we make tastier meat substitutes so that we eat fewer animals?
How can you ensure that people can walk very quickly? Sander, 9 years old
Can people ever learn to fly? Ture, 9 years old.
How can we also make sure that local sustainable farms make a good living from their sales, so that more come? (Jasper, 11 years old)
What can you do in your own garden to take care of nature? like bees and stuff (Lander, 11 years)
Which sugars can we use that are healthy? (Lander, age 11)
How can we plant more trees everywhere? (Jasper, 12 years old)
How can we BBQ without polluting the air?
How can we safely bury nuclear waste? (Lander, age 11)
Why can't we bring peace to our world? (Jelke, 11 years old)
How can we play more instead of learning? (Jelke, 11 years old)
How can we invent drink cans that are biodegradable? (Joachim, 10 years old)
Where are there other places to make playgrounds? (Aldo, age 11)
How can we create more greenery? like parks and stuff. (Staff, 10 years)
How can we make less waste by making better packaging? (Jaan, 11 years old)
Why is it not always "nice" weather in Flanders? Can we regulate our climate locally?
How can we pollute the air less, for example by fewer cars, fewer nuclear power stations? (Ferre, 11 years old)
Are there pills for dyslexia and dyscalculia (Charlotte, 11 years old)
Can we do more research on dyslexia and dyscalculia so we can help more children? (Rose)
How can we take better care of the homeless? (Gitte, 11 years old)
How can we ensure that everyone is entitled to everything they need? (Luna, age 12)
How can we ensure that the climate improves again? (Jasmien, 11 years old)
How can we produce less waste? (Luna, age 11)
How much energy is consumed per day in the whole world? (Fie, 10 years old)
How long will it take before all vehicles run on electricity? (Eline, 11 years old)
When is science smart enough to make a flying car? (Scarlett, 10 years old)
How much energy does a rocket need to take off? (Fie, 10 years old)
Do motorcycles pollute more than cars? (Eline, 11 years old)
How do we solve the shortage of potable water?
Are there aliens? I am going to investigate that myself because I will become a scientist later (Nele, 10 years)
Are bio-based and biodegradable plastics more sustainable compared to plastics from fossil fuels?
In how many years will we make contact with space aliens? (Liselotte, 11 years old)
Will the climate ever get better and what should we do about it? (Kato, 11 years old)
How can we get more people to share a car?
Does the fact that our deciduous trees lose their leaves in winter have an impact on our CO2 concentration? (Erwin Hecq)
Please do some more research into the cause of dystonia
How can we learn without going to school?
Can you prevent allergy? Ex. Iodine allergy
What is the use of winter and summer hours?
How can people be more motivated to limit waste dumping on beaches?
How can we lure the gulls more to the sea instead of breeding on land?
Can a robot get a conscience like it does in humans? Or the like?
can you find a good cup holder to drink on the sofa without spilling? (Furio, 10 years old)
Can we make tasty healthy sweets? (Dibas, 11 years old)
How can we make electric cars cheaper? (Arda, 11 years old)
How do we get rid of all toxins from the world? (Maxim, 11 years)
How long is the longest straw you can drink from? (Dylan, age 11)
What is healthy sugar? (Dibas, 11 years old)
How can you prevent cancer (Lore, 12 years old)
How can we stop IS? (Rani, 12 years old)
Why are there so few electric cars when it is so good? (Fien, 12 years old)
Why are there so many homeless people? (Lore, age 12)
How can we bully fewer children? (RANI, 12 Years)
Would it be good for us if we tinker more in the classroom? (Lore, age 12)
Can we learn better if we learn from each other more together? (Rani, 12 years old)
Can we use a tablet to do our high school homework? (Rose, 12 years old)
Can I know how I will look later? (Lore, age 12)
How come there is war? (Louise, age 13)
How many years can the world last? (Femke, 11 years old)
Are the wars destroying our world? (Rani, 12 years old)
When will the world end? (Rose, 12 years old)
how can we purify the air on a large scale
Can children make a drone? (Gwen, age 7)
How did the Big Bang originate? (Marit, 7 years)
How can we make "I" become "we"?
Can we also make a flying train? (Lars B. 9 years old)
Why is art art? (Lars B., age 9)
Why do you die when you're old? (Vincent, 8 years old)
How can you stop the war? (Felix, 11 years old)
Do you regain a life when you are dead? (Travis, age 9)
Which mobile phone cannot you break? (Lars b. 9 years)
Can cars have lasers on their roof to do something with them?
How can we make the world a safer place? (Adriaan, 12 years old)
Can you make tests fun? (Lars S., age 8)
Are there cars that can transform into a transformer? (Jani, 9 years old)
How can self-driving cars become safer? (Felix, 11 years old)
Can a robot be made that cleans up all waste? (Travis, age 9)
Can we still discover new animals? (Lars S., age 8)
What is the impact of increasing individualism on the sense of community in urban areas? Was there a stronger sense of community in the past (eg the Middle Ages)?
Frozen bread no longer becomes moldy but dries up. This means that all bacteria, including the good ones, are dead and eating frozen bread is still healthy for eg. the intestines?
How can knowledge acquisition be improved within current teaching methods (where experience is central)? What are the effects of teaching methods that are mainly experience-oriented?
Why do the leaves of some trees turn brown in the spring before turning green?
How can we ensure that there is less cancer? (Amandita, age 11)
How can we ensure that there are better presidents so that there is less war? (Jorinn, 10 years old)
If we make cars more expensive, would fewer people drive them? (Amandita, age 11)
Why aren't there more computers in our school to work on? (Amandita, age 11)
How can we reverse the negative effects (environment, health, ...) of past and existing forms of mobility? Are there technological solutions for this and how can they be implemented in policy?
How can less bad packaging use in stores? (Caylee, 10 years old)
How can you keep cats and dogs out of your yard without making them sick? (Amandita, age 11)
How can we stop animal testing?
How can we ensure that fewer animals are eaten?
How can we further reduce nuclear energy and nuclear weapons? Are there alternatives to nuclear energy? Why are there still nuclear weapons?
How is chosen where research is done?
What are the disadvantages of adding certain other substances to our diet?
When will a computer science museum be established in Flanders (such as in Namur)?
What should we stop doing to pollute less? (Dicle, age 12)
How can we help people who are ill? (Norwegian, 8 years old)
How can we stop people from just throwing waste into nature? (Nina, age 7)
How is it possible that helium is light and what could we still use it for? (Julia, age 8)
How can we produce more green energy in Flanders?
How can you not forget to turn off the light when you leave? (Nina, age 7)
What is the economic need for interest?
Can you make a chair that cannot tip over? (fien, nina, noor and julia, 8 years)
What are the recent evolutions in cancer research?
What are the main challenges in the future in terms of poverty and social power in society?
Why can no one prove that there is no life after death?
What is the first thing that started creating technology everywhere? (Ante, 11 years old)
If we continue as we are now, when will the world end? (Janne, 11 years old)
How will climate and energy go hand in hand in the future? What about nuclear power plants in the future?
How is it that people can make animals happy? (Lene, 11 years old)
Can animals actually talk to each other? (Janne, 11 years old)
How did the first animal come about? (Ante, 11 years old)
How come we get sick? (Louise, 11 years old)
Are our nuclear power plants safe enough to meet our energy needs in the future?
Will we be able to raise people back from the dead later on? (Janne, 11 years old)
How did our language originate? Who chooses which letter is which? (Lene, 11 years old)
What happens after you die? (Ante, 11 years old)
How can we move more during the lessons? VB. jump right if you want to ask a question (Janne, 11 years)
Why would it be good if there is more green on our playground? (Lene, 11 years old)
How can we ensure access to digital information for the general public?
Can we get more food or lessons outside? (Ante, 11 years old)
Why is there not more participation for the children in all schools? Now we just have to listen. OR you have to go into politics (Janne, year)
Can we do more short movement and relaxation games between classes? (Louise, 11 years old)
Can we abolish the money and trade more with each other? Then nothing should cost money and people will not get into the misery (Lene, 11 years old)
Will everyone drive a self-driving car in the future? (Janne, 11 years old)
How can we limit the consequences of global warming (floods, drought, shifting seasons, ...) on a global level?
Can we eradicate the bad bacteria? (Janne, 11 years old)
Will we ever know all the animal species that exist? (Ante, 11 years old)
Can we make people ourselves with science? (Janne, 11 years old)
Can we stem migration by offering a future for migrant populations in their countries of origin?
Electric cars are needed that can drive longer distances, so that more people buy them, and there is less pollution (Lars, 10 years)
How do we not lose sight of the 'small' folk history?
How can you ensure that snails do not get on your plants without spraying chemicals on them? (Milosz, 11 years old)
Why does everyone think boys are stronger than girls? Femke 12y
How can we get people to recycle better? (Jonathan, 10 years old)
Will global warming ever stop? Lore 12y
Can we make fake wood so that no more trees have to be cut down? (Alexander, 11 years old)
How can we ensure world peace with technology? (Warre, 11 years old)
Why can't computers help us with psychological things yet? eg when my parents argue (Jasper, 10 years)
How can we ensure that everyone adheres better to the traffic rules? Sarah 10y
Is there life on Pluto? Then I can visit there later (Jani, 9 years)
When will the world end? (Roel, 8 years old)
Why do some people like something dirty and another just like it? Olivia?
How does a tsunami develop? (Jani, 9 years old)
Where does the first human come from? Renee 8y
We want to play more in the classroom. Why can't that replace tasks? (Vincent, age 9)
How is a language created? Lucie 8y
Why do we actually sleep Hasse 8j
From what age is it healthy to have a mobile phone? (Vincent, age 9)
Why can't we be a boy for a day? Renee 8y
Where do dogs come from? (Vincent, age 9)
Are we going to have floatboards in the future? Michiel 11y
Would dinosaurs still live somewhere? (Jani, 9 years old)
Will everything be free in the future? Senne 11y
Why are toys made? Chloe 8y
Can we ever fly? Kobe and Lars 10 and 11y
If we are descended from the monkeys, what do we become after we have been humans? (Roel, 8 years old)
How can we make planes much faster? Jaldert 10y
Can technology also make real people? (Steve, age 8)
Do ghosts exist or not? (Jef, 8 years old)
Can we see from someone's DNA what they have experienced in their lives? Jason 11y
Can you live in a volcano? (Jani, 9 years old)
What will we do with the highways if we all have flying cars? Arnout
Will humans still evolve as a species? For example, get wings? Younes 12y
If there is oxygen in water, how can you drown? (Jani, 9 years old)
Can we repair the hole in the ozone layer? Nathan
We like to fight. Then why can't we fight? (Roel, 9 years old)
Can we invent nice tables and chairs that we can also play with in the classroom?
Does an auto filter exist that removes 100% of pollutants from the air? Nathan 12y
How can we help people with autism with social contact? Marie 11y
Can you make a time machine to go back to a nice day (eg zoo)? (Jannes, 8 years old)
I want a machine that can make what I want, eg a donut (Jannes, 8 years old)
How can we make non-polluting cars that can move forward without global warming? (Oskar, age 8)
You have to invent a flying car so you don't have to take traffic jams and make sure they don't collide (Arno, 7 years)
How can we guarantee, in ever changing / changing circumstances, that we document the cultural past, the wealth of knowledge / expertise, ... for future generations?
How can we learn without doing homework? (Jef, 7 years old)
We have to make a gun that sucks everything, takes away all the waste (Joren, 8 years old)
If the robots do everything for us, will everything become free? (Jannes, 8 years old)
Can you make a robot that makes what you want to eat? (Oskar, age 8)
Can you make a robot that makes money? (Oskar, age 8)
How to recycle solar panels in the most ecological way?
Can you make a safe for electronic money so thieves can't steal it? (Arno, age 8)
Oasis floral foam is not degradable. However, it is widely used by flower arrangers and in professional horticulture. Can science find a way to somehow recycle this product?
Do animals also have dialects and why?
How can you get rid of stinging nettles? (Elias, age 8)
Can we play more outdoors at school? (Tristan, age 8)
Can we teach children to deal tolerantly with differences before compulsory education? How do we do that best?
Can drones replace part of our cars? (Matteo, age 8)
We want to learn at school how you make a robot, is that possible? (Elias, age 8)
Why does smoking still exist? If it is bad, should they abolish it? (Marie, age 8)
How can we ensure that there are no more weapons in the world? (Dilara, age 9)
Will we ever be able to download knowledge to our head? Mateo 12y
How can we make children grow faster? Hannes 11y
How have objects been given names? (Naazek, 12 years old)
Why is there racism and how can we solve it? (Naazek, 12 years old)
Is there enough electricity so that everyone can drive an electric car? Marius 11y?
How can we ensure that everyone has the same amount of money? (Mazluf, age 13)
Why does the school last all day, which starts so early? (Jutta, 13 years old)
Why should we actually learn spelling? (Albert, age 9)
Do aliens exist? (ielaf, 8 years old)
How high is the air? (assima, 9 years)
Can plants grow in the air? (Amira, age 8)
How many people in Belgium come from other countries? (hajer, age 9)
Are there tornadoes in Belgium? Or will they ever be there? (shona, 8 years)
How high can a building be made? (Asme, age 8)
How deep is our earth? (Ania, age 8)
What is in plastic that is so bad for nature? (Hanna, 10 years old)
What comes after death? When I die, I want to know (Elin, 10 years old)
How can a bird fly? (Heline, age 9)
Why do we exist? (Jacob, 9 years old)
How does electricity work? (Janne, 9 years old)
Who made up the words? (Albert, age 9)
How can we make people watch less TV and exercise more, or read books? (Albert, age 9)
How can you increase the number of electric cars? (Jef, 12 years old)
How can we feel when there is an earthquake so we can find a safe place? (Mikael, 9 years old)
What can a robot do in our house so that we have to work less (Elias, 8 years)
How can a car fly?
How can we protect computers from hackers? (Paulien, 11 years old)
Will we ever be able to time travel? (Paulien, 11 years old)
What is the right time? Who determines that? (Marie, age 10)
Can there be a school where you can choose what you learn, what interests you? (Erin, 11 years old)
Can we create a website like wikipedia that only contains things that are really true, from real scientists? (Paulien, 11 years old)
How can we get the most out of what we need at any given time? eg nothing more forgotten (Minne, 11 years)
How can we ensure that there are no more waiting lists for schools? (Minne, 11 years old)
How long will it be before man is immortal? And what do we have to do for this, eg renew cells? (Ward, age 11)
How can there be healthy drinking water around the world? (Sari and Suzy, ages 8 and 10)
How can you turn salt water into fresh water? (Sari and Suzy, ages 8 and 10)
How did the Big Bang originate? (Jolien, 8 years old)
Why should there be countries? (Mare, 9 years old)
Albania and Kosovo are neighboring countries, do they speak the same language? (Leta, age 9)
Why doesn't everyone speak the same language? (Jolien, 10 years old)
When are we all driving with autonomous vehicles?
Why is the universe there? (that's been in my head for a long time) (Livine, 10 years)
More cancer studies (Alex, age 11)
How can you avoid and resolve arguments in class? (Nikola, 11 years old)
How can we ensure that people - despite the rapid technological evolution - still remain free in their actions (facial recognition, artificial intelligence that takes over thinking, biometric cameras, non-existent online privacy ...)
Is it okay to give only a few children in the classroom more difficult math? Now I feel bad because I can't prove myself (Hannah, 10 years old)
How can we ensure that babies with Down syndrome (and all kinds of other abnormalities) are still welcome in the future? Despite the existence of the NIPT test and soon disease-predicting DNA 'maps' ...
When the Earth explodes, it is important to know where we can go (Arnoud, 11 years old)
How should the United Nations Security Council be adapted in the future? Will it be composed more fairly and with an eye to future changes?
Where do you get when you are sucked into a black hole? (Corneel, 11 years old)
How can cars run on water or grass as fuel? (Joppe, 11 years old)
What are the barriers to forming an effective and strong world government? What does it take to form it?
Can electric cars also fly? (Per, 12 years)
Why do they still find new bones and organs in our body? (Joppe, 11 years old)
Can we work with tablets instead of dragging all those books along? (Arnoud, 11 years old)
How can school happen in a more activating, creative way instead of so boring boring boring? (Floris, 11 years old)
Why is drugs so addictive? And is candy the same as well?
Why are vegetables healthy? Why don't they just make healthy sweets? (Floris, 11 years old)
When will we know to make the street / air safe for flying cars? (Nina, Oscar, Ward, Rohan, 11 and 12 years old)
When will the robots have power over humans? (Oscar, Nina, Ward, Rohan)
When will people realize they have to stop polluting the air? (Oscar, 11 years old)
Where is the end of the universe? (Oscar and Ward, age 11)
Can iron be converted into helium to make bigger stars? (Oscar, 11 years old)
What if Voyager 1 and 2 fly into another solar system into a new solar system and have energy again? What are we going to see? (Oscar, 11 years old)
If we made the world one big country with all people mixed together, wouldn't there be war anymore? (Also, 10 years)
I would like a machine that can make all the food you want for everyone (Alicia, 9 years old)
How can you destroy Japanese knotweed in an environmentally friendly way?
Can't we get rid of alcohol so people don't go to jail for doing bad things for drinking too much? (Sari, 10 years old)
Can you make a computer without electricity, so that we do not burden nature? (Suzy, age 8)
Is there a test that can tell which horse is best for me to ride? (Also, 10 years)
Can we ever copy the Earth? Ward 12y
Can we make our sun younger by using energy from other stars? Oscar 12y
Can we build a wall against a tsunami?
How can you keep food forever?
Is there a 3rd gender?
How long does Earth have enough supplies at this rate?
Do we already know everything about the ocean? How many yet? Blend 10y
Will the military consist of robots in the future? Saman 11y
Can we make a machine that can make all possible food? Surin 10y
Are we going to be able to travel through time? Magoned 11y
How can we make people walk even faster?
Can water wear out or get bad? Lena 10y
Why do we sometimes forget how old we are? Lena 10y
Why are we going gray? Lena 10y
How can we help the environment a lot as a child? I always go to school by bike and wish other children would do the same, but I'm not sure how to convince them!
How come people get older? Kyana 10y
How can we save the atmosphere of our emissions? Aron 11y
How can we make babies bigger, stronger and smarter before they are even born? Aron 11y
What is a good approach to support students with learning disabilities? Both educational and social (Hannah, 13y)
Is there a (medical or medicinal) solution for morning mood? (Robin, 14y)
Can we make a human or being from scratch? Aron 11y
Will people become more and more robots in the future? For example NFC chips?
Are there remedies to get more excited about sports? (Mira, 14y)
Can we use hormones to adjust people's personality so that they are less greedy, for example? Aron 11y
How can we keep food for longer? (Mira, 14y)
How can we make self-driving cars safer? Simon 11y
Can we make plastic edible? Then we shouldn't throw it away! (Bilal & Mon, 11y)
How can we set every clock? Simon 11y
Can we make a creature or is there one that breathes nitrogen or some other gas?
Are we going to write on pen and paper in the future?
How much learning material can we absorb per day?
Where does the universe end? Oskar 10y
Are all cars going to be electric cars in the future? (Elyse, 11y)
How do we save endangered species? Jacob 11y
How can we get equal pay for everyone? (Bram, 12y)
How do we ensure that robots don't take over the world? Oskar 11y
How can we reduce the number of homeless people? And how can we provide jobs for those people, even though they may be able to demonstrate less experience? (Hannah & Bilal, 11y)
Are plants intelligent? Are they going to get even smarter? Mathias 11y
How can we best solve the refugee problem? (Lhanu, 12y)
Can create a new planet? Jacob 11y
How can we ensure that travel to the moon is possible and affordable for everyone? (Hannah, 11y)
When do we go to another solar system? Tristan 11y
How can we do more than make new things out of plastic and waste? (Rosemijn, 11y)
Do you get smarter from doing a lot of homework? Leonie 14y
Climate: how can we pollute less and protect the animals more? (Thomas, 11y)
Why don't the trains come on time? Martina 14y
How can we get more cars to run on green energy? Are solar panels the solution? (Kay, 12y)
How can we solve learning disabilities? Can we invent pills for that? (Anna, 12y)
Can we invent environmentally friendly plastic? (Gitte, 11y)
Where do learning disabilities come from? Students Eureka?
What daily actions can we use to optimize our memory?
can science help reduce the number of governments our small country is big on?
My parents now say 'I didn't have a mobile phone when I was a child', what are we going to say about that later? Jits 14y
Why do we slaughter so many animals when we don't even eat or use half of the meat? How can we solve that? (Imogen, 11y)
Will 'offline' stores still exist in the future?
Will we be able to stop global warming in time? Can we make harmful substances harmless? (Inne, 10y)
Are we ever going to invent a hoverboard? Lien 11y
Are we ever going to be immortal? Maya 11y
How can we ensure less water wastage in meat production? (Anna, 9y)
Are we always going to have to take tests at school?
How can we make factories less polluting? (Melanie, 10y)
Are we ever going to be able to talk to animals? Silas 11y
How can we cure more children if they have a serious illness? And how can we ensure that they can continue to go to school? (Ruth & Nele, 7y)
Why do negative and positive poles attract each other? Dries 10y
How can we cure cancer? (Ruth, 7y)
How can we ensure that the world is never hungry again? (Nele, 7y)
Why can't we go to other stars with rockets? Mohammed 11y
How can we better protect endangered species? (hanne, 7y)
When will the first human land on Mars? Mohammed 11y
In a few years, will it be possible to go even further into space with rockets and perhaps even live there? (Samuel, 7y)
Will we ever be able to eradicate all diseases? Anouan 11 y
Can we provide automatic waste carts, so that people no longer have to collect waste, but machines do that for us? (Anna, 10y)
Can the hole in the ozone layer be closed again? Miel 11y
Do we ever know what's in a black hole? Dawid
Are we ever going to meet aliens? Dawid
Are we going to find the end of the universe? Felix 11y
How can we ensure that when people have / wage war, they still opt for and keep a truce? Are there any ways to get peace? (Franne, 11y)
How can we provide clothes (and other things) for poor people in poor countries? (Anna, 10y)
Is it possible to do more research into how we could still cure incurable diseases? (Stella, 11y)
How will the world fare? Dawid 11y
How can we run cars on grass instead of gas, for example? (Franne, 11y)
Are we ever going to live in a computer simulation? Dawid 11y
Would it be possible to make calls without a telephone in the future? (Robbe, 11y)
Can we go on vacation to the moon later? (Robbe, 11y)
Are we going to be able to choose the sex of our babies? Miel 11y
How can we build buildings / houses faster? (Robbe, 11y)
Can we invent shoes that make us faster? (Matteo, 10y)
How can we ensure that fewer animals are slaughtered? (Laura, 10y)
Can we make deaf people hear and blind people see? Silas 11y
What will robots be able to do? Hanane 10y
How high can drones fly? Maïssane 10y
Will all games be VR in the future? Luke 11y
When are we going to have robots that can clean, be waiter? Jarne 11y
When is the self-driving car for everyone? Midas 11y
Can we do something with CO2? Luke 11y
Is there a scientific paper proving the correlation between global warming and CO2 at Earth level? (not the original greenhouse level article)
From which places (North Sea, ocean, land) is the most rain coming from Belgium -yearly-?
Are we at the end of our Latin?
How can we make our forests more self-sufficient so that we use local wood instead of import
How do we ensure that countries' climate accounts effectively reflect the country's climate impact (i.e. taking indirect effects into account) without double counting?
How important is heritage in relation to space for radical renewal? How do you weigh this?
How can we develop human organs from the body's own cells in order to avoid organ transplants in the future?
Why do people keep looking for outdoor gases as the culprit where even the pharmaceutical world has proven that indoor air dust mite specimens are the cause of the allergies etc.?
Why does no political party in Belgium have a view on demography?
Flanders is known for its poor air quality? Does this have a negative effect on the performance of our top athletes? Does this mean that Flanders has a competitive disadvantage?
Why does hair grow unlike other types of body hair?
Why is chocolate tasty?
Can we invent shoes that make us faster? (Matteo, 10y)
How can we ensure that fewer animals are slaughtered? (Laura, 10y)
How can we cure solar energy? (Annika, 10y.)
How can we ensure that fewer animals are slaughtered? (Laura, 10y)
How can we combat pollution? (Hanne, 10y)
How can we save our world (and also humans)? (Isaura, 10y.)
Can more research be done on allergy treatments? (Dorien, 11, has had a nasty cough from an allergy for a year, but medication does not help)
They say the universe is infinite, but is it? How do we know for sure or can we know for sure? (Lili, 10y.)
With so much CO2 pollution and all the damage already done by it, is there still a way back? Can we still "save" the world? (Rose, 12y)
How can we ensure greater justice so that everyone has the same amount of money and rights? (Marthe, 11y.)
Will there be more robots than humans later? (Alicia, 11y)
How can we combat CO2 pollution? (Rani, 12y)
Can't we just replace unhealthy substances in food with healthier ones? (Myrthe, 10y.)
How can we reduce traffic jams? (Louise, 13y)
Can we make sure people don't take the car as often? How? (Fien, 12y)
What can we do to combat global warming? (Seppe, 11y)
Would it ever be possible to just take classes on the computer and stay at home instead of going to school to learn? (Brechtje, 9y.)
Why aren't more electric cars being made? (Eliam, 10y)
How can we make screens (mobile, laptop, ...) less addictive? (Francesca, 8y)
Can't we just solve pollution in the sea with nets or a machine that absorbs water, purifies it and then lets it flow back? (Guus, 10y)
Why isn't candy healthy? Can we make candy healthy? (Marie, 8y)
Can't we make mobile internet cheaper? Why is that so expensive?) (Guus, 10y)
Why is there war? Can science help solve this? (Lomalisa, 11y)
How can we ensure that we all make less waste? (Marthe, 8y)
Is there life in other solar systems? And if so, what does that life look like? (Anna, 10y)
If plastic is so bad, can't we just replace plastic with something else? (Mina, 9y)
How can we avoid pollution on the street? (Nyla, 10y)
Can't we invent a gravity-fighting machine so we can fly? (Bas, 10y.)
The environment is mainly polluted by harmful chemical products and waste. What can we do about this? (Lana, 10y)
Can't we look for new ways to turn waste into new things? (Otis, 10y)
Why are there still tests on animals? Can't we do that differently? (Lisa, 8y)
Can we move around in a different way later? Maybe through some kind of teleportation? (Anse, 8y)
Are tests also performed on humans? If so, is that also necessary? (Helena, 8y)
How do we cure cancer? (Alessia, 10y)
How can we stop pollution in the sea? Because if we don't stop, will we make it to 2100? (Iliad, 9y)
Why do we lock animals in a zoo? Can't we just let them live in the wild? (Evin, 11y)
Could it ever be that all shops sell food and drinks without packaging? (Eko, 9y)
How can we grow trees faster so that we get more oxygen faster? (Niké, 10y)
Are we ever going to have flying cars? Are we going to have less traffic jams? (Anton, 9y)
Can't we search for 1 remedy to cure all kinds of diseases? (Lana, 10y)
Many planets haven't been discovered yet? And could we live on other planets? (Aaron, 9y)
Can't we invent floating, non-polluting cars? (Evin, 11y)
Can't planes just fly on solar energy? (Sep, 9y)
Many allergy types have not yet been discovered? Are added every day? And if so, why is that? And why are not there for all kinds of solutions? (Dorien, 11y)
We already do so many useful things that seem useless, can't we do useful things with fine dust? (Rohan, Nina, Ward, we are all 11 years old)
Can we also make jeans without wasting that much water? (Suse, 8y)
Why do bacteria exist? And why are some types bad? Can't we make up for that bad one? (Winner, 8y)
Can we use other things than plastic? Something that can also withstand water, but is not harmful? (Lilac, 10y)
How can we cure cancer? (Julie, 12y)
How can we combat animal cruelty (including in slaughterhouses)? (Marlies, 11y)
Why is there so much famine in the world? Can we fix that? Is there anything I can do? (Blackbird, 11y)
Why can't we travel to Mars now? (Victor, 11y)
Why did the Big Bang happen? Can that happen again? (Jolien, 8y)
What is the cause of cancer? (Eleonor, 8y)
Why do people bully each other? How do we stop bullying? (Elle, 8y)
How can we stop war? (Emma, 8y)
How can we make cars better for nature? (Elin, 10y)
Can we make candy healthy? (Hannah, 10y)
How can we reduce waste of electricity? (Sofie, 10y)
How come we get puffiness when we're tired?
Can science demonstrate that chin treatments are useful in CFS / fibromyalgia?
If you shine with a red laser at the stars, does that light go on forever?
How is it that Lava remains so hot after all these years and does not die out over the years?
When all the ice melts, 50 gigatons of methane goes into the air, which is 82 times worse than CO2, so the equivalent of 4,000 gigatons of CO2 in weeks on top of our current emissions. Will we make it?
Do penguins have knees?
What is the return of a college and university education for the state? How many people will be working in that or other discipline afterwards and how much FTE is that, in other words, will the state get its investment in education back?
Has there been a study into the relevance of a subject (university education) in the curriculum in relation to the intended knowledge and skills acquisition?
Are cosmetics checked and is this sufficient for the protection of the user?
Would it not be possible to install showers by the sea, all outdoor pools everywhere where sun and water go together? No ordinary showers but showers where you can stand under and which protect you against UV rays. Take a shower and you're done!
Will there be a mobile phone that never goes down? Robin 14y
How can we ensure that we eat less pigs? Marit 7y
Will cars float in the future? Andre 10y
How can science help me live a healthier life? Chiara
How can we show the blind again? Nour
Can we let people breathe underwater with a chip? Mira
How can there be less car pollution? Laurie 11y
How can more electric cars travel around? Oscar 10y
How can we discover new things in space?
why is a fungal nail so difficult to treat?
When are the flying cars there? Jasper
How can we discover space? Sally 7y
Are screens bad for people? Aron
How do planets form? Laura 7y
How can we get plastic out of the ocean?
How can we show or hear blind or deaf people again? Sander 11y
How can we cycle safely in busy traffic? Floor
How can we make chemical things healthier? Nour
How can science and art reinforce each other?
Is there an anti-puffiness pill? Robin 14y
Can we make ice cream that doesn't thaw? For the North and South Pole? Show 12y
How can we get peace? (Lena, 6y)
How can we learn to listen to each other better? (Lou, 9y)
Will it later be possible to understand each other in different languages (without learning the language, purely based on technology)? (Kristof, 40y)
Is it possible to do more science in the future, but with fewer experiments? (Serzan, 7y)
Can they format brains in the future? (Filiz, 43y)
Can we make an environmentally friendly plastic and implement it on a large scale? (Hanna, age 35)
Is it possible to build cities that are completely self-sustaining and accessible to all social classes? (Lydia, 64y and Maurice, 68y)
How do you make robots? (Kasper, 8y)
Why should we be able to fly? (Arne, 9y)
Why are there elephants in Africa, but not in Europe? (Arne, 9y)
Is it possible to make traffic run better and faster thanks to science? (Niels, 8y)
How come I have good ideas when I take a shower? After drying I have often lost this thought, is there a way to register this thought? (Guy, 43y)
How can science make people fight less? (Ben, 7y)
What can science do about fewer naughty people? (Floris, 4y)
Can science do more research into why people like or dislike sports? (Niels, 8y)
Can science find a way to wash hands better? (Ture, 8y)
Is there a way to always get knots out of my hair? (4y)
Will flying ships exist later? (Iben, 6y)
Can science come up with something so that I never lose anything again? (Iben, 4y)
Can science make all the world's wealth better distributed? (Lotte, 10y and Jessie, 10y)
Shouldn't we argue better for a worldwide concrete stop? (Seppe, 34y)
I really mind plastic in the ocean, shouldn't we look for more solutions? (Sarah, 17y)
What influence does diet have on the aging process, more specifically the role of healthy fats in this?
What is the effect of sugar on the brain as we age?
Does intestinal flora play an important role in age-related diseases?
I wonder if we as ordinary people will ever be able to travel to other planets, and if so, if we might even live there? (March, 15y)
What effect do dormant bacterial infections (such as Lyme) have on aging people, provided their immune systems weaken?
What is the importance of exercise in older people?
How do we ensure that no people are still hungry? (Marit, 13y)
I wonder if there will be many more autonomous buildings later, or maybe even all of them?
How can we reduce our plastic usage? (Andreas, 7)
How can we make grandma and grandpa less concerned when the kids are playing? (Jasper, 4y and Vik, 4y)
How does love work? (Joshua, 13y)
How can we reduce air pollution? And how can we provide more clean energy? (Stefan, 62)
I have heard that we really do not take such good care of our environment, what can we do to ensure that the world continues to exist? (Wenka, 10)
What about light? Are they particles or waves? (Stefaan, 17y)
How can science make people exercise more? (Bas, 7y)
Scientists keep finding things that are getting smaller and smaller, will it ever stop? (Hendrik, 9y)
They say that the space is getting bigger and bigger. But actually the planets are getting smaller, why is that? (Ben, 9y)
How do we solve the traffic jams?
Can't we invent a car that doesn't emit CO2, and doesn't cost a lot, so that everyone can buy it? And where no CO2 is used during the making of the cars? (Wenka, 10)
What are we going to do in a few decades, when everything is automated and we no longer have to work? (Roel, 47y)
Would it be possible to invent plastic-free packaging? (Kim, 39)
Would it be possible to invent a system to make the environment cleaner? (Reine, 12y)
Can't we find a solution for all the waste in the sea? (Jules, 9y)
Can we find a solution to air pollution? (Felix, 7)
Can we better protect art? (Leo, 6y)
I wonder what the impact of artificial intelligence will be on people? (Bert, 38)
How can we solve wars with science? (Leon, 13y)
Can we do more research on diseases? (Ilya, 14y)
How can we make people happier? (Hans, 8y)
Can we make more electric cars and replace all polluting cars with the electric ones? (Robrecht, 11y)
Can we think of more solutions for depression and mental problems? (Kevin, 13y)
Can science make sure there are many more candies in the world? (Lise, 5y)
Would it be possible to gain a greater focus in science (eg in universities) on research into how we can cure / treat diseases? (Christophe, 35)
How many people is there for food? Lucien, 80y
How can quantum computers change the world in the future? (Milan, 15 years old)
Why is there always a child sick with my reception mother? Thomas 31 years
What role can technology and robots play in breaking through social isolation in the elderly? Ludo
How do we ensure that increasingly complex technology is accessible to everyone? Ludo
Are we going to be able to 3D print entire buildings with very large machines? Casper 11y
Can we make wood in a factory instead of cutting forests?
When are we going to have flying cars? Irene 12y
How can you know which is the fastest queue at the checkout? (Lio, age 9)
How can we make cars without exhaust fumes? (Lio, age 9)
How can we finance more expensive scientific research into diseases with less and less money? Liesbeth 45y
How is it that the universe is getting bigger? Abel 7y and half
Why is it so difficult to land missiles back? Abel 7y and half
How can we ensure that the terms of use are understandable for everyone?
How do we ensure that we make transparent what companies do with our data?
How can we learn theory without books? (Ivona, 36 years old)
How can we clean things without having to brush? (Ivona, 36 years old)
How can we solve the consequences of CVA. Andre, 68 years old
How can we reduce meat consumption? (Jan, 35 years old)
How long will there be enough drinking water in the world? (Jana, 14 years old)
What can science do about theft?
How can we store surpluses of energy for the winter? (Britt, 45 years old)
How can we ensure that fewer people throw garbage on the street? Quint 13y
Can we give people wings? Bavo 6y
Why are we very thirsty. LEYLA 5 years
Are robotic police officers coming? Joppe 7y
How can we have WiFi everywhere? Joppe 7y
How do we combat cell phone addiction? Joppe 7y
How does the room smell? (Samantha, age 8)
Do macroeconomic models take sufficient account of the insights of behavioral economics?
How is it that a neutral photon can generate electromagnetic force that is not neutral? (Rob, 41 years old)
How do tornadoes, earthquakes and other natural phenomena work? (Kevin, age 13)
How many universes actually exist? Paesen Jan 61y
Why are there so many dusts in the air that make me sneeze? And why do I sneeze? (Jef, 16 years old)
What was earlier, the egg or the chicken. Sander 44
How can we make robots improve the world without making people lose their jobs? (Nandos, 40 years old)
How can we live forever? (Rose, 10 years old)
Can we make a bouncy castle that doesn't have to be blown up all the time and is therefore quiet? Jolien 10y
When will we be able to buy service robots? Marit 8y
Can we teach robots to dance? Marit 8y
Will there ever be robot teachers? Jolien 10y
How can an orthosis be made by 3D printing?
A numerus clausus was introduced years ago to limit the number of doctors. There would be too many doctors compared to potential patients. Doctors would therefore earn too little. Does the desired intake still meet the need?
Can we make a flying iPad so I don't have to hold them anymore?
Can we invent a pill that cures all diseases? Kate 11y
Why are some people in the 'friendzone'? Kevin 13y
How does global warming actually work? Kevin 13y
Can Earth's Plants and Animals Put on Mars? Kevin 13y
In which solar system will we live when our star is 'up'? Kevin 13y
Why are people addicted to games, drugs, sweets, ...? Kevin 13y
Why are children who are actually big enough not to drive the car? Kevin 13y
Is there a pill against forgetting? Sussy Mertens, 69
Are black and white colors? Kevin 13y
Can we do something about blocked sinuses without medication? Sussy Mertens, age 69
Are sugar beets healthy? (Samantha, age 8)
What will people look like in the year 3000? Kevin 13y
Why do people turn gray? Kevin 13y
Which person has the most influence on the world? Kevin 13y
Why do certain games suddenly become super popular? Kevin 13y
Why is the Earth getting warm? Bazil 7y
What is "air"? Bazil 7y
What is there after death?
How can we ensure that more children come to school by bicycle? Bram, 12 years old
Can we kill or get rid of dust mites? Bazil 7y
What is science? Thomas 6y
How can we ensure that fewer cars are driving around?
How do you stop scary dreams? Leon 6y
Can you live forever? Moses 7y
Can cars run on other things besides petrol and electricity? Lio 9y
How is glass made? Hanna 7y
How do I ensure that my lego males do not always fall over? (Louis, age 9)
Can we invent plates and glasses that are not fragile? Lio 9y
Should scientists no longer consider the consequences of their inventions? Bass
How come rockets where fire comes out descend and land? Dario 9y
How can electricity run through such small wires? Dario 9y
Is there life on other planets? Dario 9y
Is there gravity on other planets? Dario 9y
How did Vikings make their swords and shields? Jasmine 5y
Why don't you advance on a treadmill? Jasmine 5y
How can we ensure that the generations after us are doing well or even better?
What will electric cars be able to do in the future? (Hani, 6 years old)
How can we properly distribute the world's food? (Elizabeth, age 57)
Is there going to be enough food for everyone? (Elizabeth, age 57)
How can we keep the planet habitable? (Elizabeth, age 57)
My projector has black letters on the white board, but black light does not exist. How did that happen? (Jarne, 11 years old)
How do we know how old the world is? Anoek 8y
How can we better preserve nature? (Jef, 10 years old)
When will self-driving cars come? (Filip, 44 years old)
Why go to school when you find everything on the internet? Yunas, 8 years old
When does someone invent some kind of 'filter-purification system-harmlesser' to neuralize the particulate matter when burning wood? Is this so difficult or am I too naive?
How can taxes be levied fairly? Hilde, 59 years old
What will happen to pensions and social security in the future? Hilde, 59 years old
Do you learn to write smarter? Hallelujah 10y
Why does the washing program of my washing machine take so long?
Why are not all detergents / standard detergents more ecological, less harmful to the environment?
Are there going to be other natural disasters later? (Abegael, 6 years old)
Why do women still have to suffer this monthly?
Are we going to be able to teleport people later? (Tibo, 6 years old)
Are the 'bigotry' of the past, the 'high sensitives' of today?
How many galaxy are there? Wannes 9y
What happens in black holes? Jacoba 9y?
Which sports are we going to play in the future? Jacoba 9y
What will buildings and cars look like in 100 years? Wouter 11y
Are we ever going to discover a Martian? Wouter 11y
Is there extraterrestrial life?
Is man going to last forever? Wouter 11y
How can we live in space?
Can we make a suit in which you cannot die? (Quint, age 13)
Will there be an invisibility suit in the future? (Dries, 12 years old)
How can we make more room for green? (Dori, 10 years old)
Will our children still be able to do without technology? Do we not lose our independence if we are always dependent on technology? Sarah 30y
What effect does the constant presence of technology have on our personality and humanity. Sarah 30y
Is there a connection between distance from the workplace and stressors at work? Comparison between car / public transport / bicycle ...
We dream in images. But how does a blind person dream? does he dream in images? With color?
What means that in 2018 so many people can still abuse the social security system in Belgium? Science may offer a solution.
Are people working on self-driving trains in Belgium?
Can I get sick because someone else has not taken good care? Imagine, someone got sick because he / she did not dress properly and caught 'cold'. Can I get these germs then? Where do they come from?
When looking at old family photos, I noticed that brides wore black in the first half of the 20th century. It turned white sometime in the second half of that century. Why was that black before? What caused the change to white?
When people used to go to the (Catholic) church, women had to cover their heads with a headscarf while men had to bare their heads. Why was that? Why / why did that prescription disappear?
Is it warm because there are no clouds or are there no clouds because it is warm?
Can you sleep with your eyes open?
What happens when you sleep? Is a coma a long sleep?
What feeling do children get when they hear the school bell?
why do people react differently if they drink too much alcohol?
Why do people watch television so often?
Microwave food is either cancerous or not.
How (where) does the fluid exchange between the "interstitium" and the blood on the one hand and the cells on the other?
Is it not possible to combat global warming by applying chlorophyll in a coating to tower buildings?
Is there a solid way to investigate mental health?
Can neurosurgeons and psychopaths (Dutroux, Jansen) be cured of their condition?
How well could the dinosaurs hear?
Can you come up with a robot that can talk and clean up properly?
What are the limits of science?
Why is India so often negative in the media?
How can you maintain the behavior of someone with a brain tumor, so that the tumor does not determine the behavior? And the fluctuations in behavior decrease
How can we make our living environment greener and healthier?
How long before effective urban agriculture starts? This is to make agriculture and cities more sustainable: less transport, more greenery and a shorter chain
When do people know what causes fibromyalgia and can it be recognized as a disease?
Why is everything getting more expensive but wages are not rising enough?
Is it feasible that everyone can receive a basic income from young to old?
How can we communicate how openly about the usefulness or usefulness of vaccinations?
Why don't we experiment with a basic income for everyone?
Is the workload in Flanders higher than in other places? If so, what can we do about it?
Can we distribute the pensions in a more fair way?
Does the low pension not stop people from becoming self-employed?
Will we also know a workable fusion reactor?
How can our society be organized differently to better tackle world problems?
How do we keep the evolution towards more robotization under control and sustainable?
Can we also scientifically interpret the idea of sustainability, so that what we now think is what is sustainable is also in the longer term?
How can we help blind people to orient themselves by means of 3 d printing: eg printing a map
How long will the current pension scheme remain affordable?
Can we efficiently summarize technology so that people with disabilities can find the appropriate support to live more independently?
Can we provide wireless electricity?
Can life on our earth survive when the sun soon becomes a red giant?
If the universe continues to expand, will we no longer see galaxies in the future because they are too far from us?
If our own universe becomes too cold to live in many billions of years from now, can we escape to another universe where life is better?
Many chemical elements are made inside stars. But where is fluorine made?
Can ecologically responsible homes and spaces cool?
Can we slow down or slow down aging?
How can we avoid that certain medicines are too expensive because of monopoly of certain companies?
Is there a good way we can deal with high sensitivity?
How should we handle highly sensitive children and help them well.
How do we clean the oceans?
Does air pollution affect our lifespan?
What remains of man after death?
Why can we still predict the weather so badly
How will the aging population remain affordable?
Why has no cure for graying been invented yet?
Can a mosquito transmit AIDS and why?
Do children effectively learn a foreign language faster or is that a myth?
How can our garden contribute to enhancing biodiversity?
Flanders is becoming a big city. How can we find a sustainable answer to this, taking into account employment, housing and the environment?
How can you ecologically combine means of transport? Are there models that make this run smoother?
How can tram lines be extended, with the approval and participation of the population?
What is the happiness factor in employees? Can we measure that? Does this translate into a company's efficiency?
Why don't people stick to traffic rules better?
What can you do to avoid dementia? Can you do something for this yourself?
How will we be able to properly deal with the consequences of climate change?
Can science make suggestions for a better organization of public transport?
How realistic is the expansion of a kind of tram network like in Copenhagen for Flanders?
Can you better estimate, predict the risk of suicide?
Can you use old boxwoods usefully?
How do animals know what is good for them and what is not?
Why can't we make energy with our waste?
Can more ways be found to tackle young dementia?
Can't you make some kind of car train to make traffic jams more efficient via linkable cars?
How can we ensure a better system for childcare on Wednesday afternoons?
How can we properly support brothers and sisters in suicide of a sibling?
How can people be better motivated to exercise and culture during working hours?
is the 30 hour work week a good solution for a better work-family combination?
How can we solve the staff shortage in residential care centers? How can we better motivate personnel to work in this sector?
Are there models in which education and care are less directed by governments and more by knowledge organizations, citizens, ...?
Why are there shortages in schools when we monitor population numbers and the like?
Is there a reason why some people get cancer and others are spared it?
Is bullying and racism in the nature of man?
How do we remove greenhouse gases from the air?
Can we convert plastics back to petroleum?
How do we efficiently convert sea water into drinking water?
How do we increase the range of electric cars?
How can we neutralize the negative consequences of "social media"?
How does language evolve?
How come (small) children are so difficult when a storm or bad weather is coming?
Why does ivy climb?
Can people 'feel' that they are being looked at?
Would you be able to sufficiently reduce the rise in water in the oceans by placing inland low-lying areas under (sea) water?
A.o. gas extraction causes earthquakes in Groningen. Could you avoid it by replacing the extracted gas with something else?
There have been frequent volcanic eruptions for millions of years. The magma in the interior of the earth will never be exhausted and where does the energy come from to keep that magma glowing and erupting hot.
When will science be able to repair the optic nerve and reverse macular degeneration? Also make retina transplants a routine.
Why do some elderly people suffer from age-related illnesses earlier than others?
Why do boats float on water?
What are the underlying causes of science fraud and how do we tackle it?
What is (are) the best way (s) to fight boxwood moth?
How can we preserve the knowledge of previous generations of scientists from the period 'former Belgian Congo'?
Will they ever be able to influence stress so that you are less affected?
Why should there be only a limited number of doctors, that is still impoverishing society and keeping the demand for doctors artificially high! After all, not every doctor actually works as a doctor.
Can people with scientific knowledge try to articulate their knowledge in a simple way?
Can transport of products not be arranged differently than with trucks?
Why don't we build new nuclear power stations and make energy as cheap as possible!
Due to global warming, southern plants are advancing to the north. How long does it take before a plant can be called native?
Why are there people who believe in some God?
Why can't we cure from allergies?
Why should we be able to calculate when we have calculators?
If the earth warms up is our life threatened?
Why is there no basic income for everyone?
How do we solve the problem that the CEOs of companies always expect more from their employees?
Can we make biopesticides better so that they are a fully-fledged alternative to classic (and therefore harmful) pesticides?
Why are microwaves or microwave ovens completely banned from cooking programs and related cookbooks?
Are there groups on Facebook that show an interest in science? And with which content can be shared from a scientific organization?
"Are monkeys getting smarter too?"
How can I motivate students for language / Dutch in the classroom?
Why do students have so much trouble writing coherent and structured texts? How can we help them with this?
What are innovative working methods that can be used in Dutch / language lessons? Which of these working methods have scientific evidence?
How can you best guide foreign-language students in learning Dutch (writing, reading, oral language skills)?
How can I ensure that children / students learn to write better? Which instruction methods or didactic approaches are important in this respect (scientific evidence)?
Given the current M-decree, how can I differentiate better in my Dutch lessons?
Students have great difficulty writing a bachelor's thesis / master's thesis. A major drawback is the lack of academic reading and writing skills. How can we better support students? What effective instruction methods are there?
Can we change beacons with our collective consciousness?
Is it feasible to replace cars with small, electric and self-driving single vehicles?
When will we find Atlantis on Google Maps?
How can we "protect" children from the social media use of their parents (eg, parents post a lot of photos of their baby / child on social media)?
What can we learn from the extinction of the dinosaurs?
How can we make drinkable water ourselves?
What can we learn from climate change in geological history?
How can schools and teachers deal with the increasingly diverse backgrounds of students?
Drinking water from the tap is healthy and ecological. Even if you have a water softener? Is a water softener useful, economical and ecological?
How can we protect and further expand nature and greenery in an urban environment?
Tuna - Is eating tuna frequently harmful to the health of the baby in a pregnant woman?
What happens in our brains when we are dizzy?
How can religious leaders contribute to connection and the common good in society?
Can solar panels and windmills be recycled? How efficient is this?
Why is there no international clock?
Brainwashing: Can "Someone" Convince You to Be Another Person? If so, how long does this take and on what neurological level is this.
The development and use of biodegradable plastics is an interesting evolution. If these are more in circulation, how will they be processed / treated? (composting installation, new installation? ...)
Will global warming have an effect on the crops grown in Flanders?
When the world ends, where do we go?
Are there more or less people in 100 years?
How is it possible that we always discover new particles with a particle accelerator? Will the splitting of the particles ever end? Léon Ballieu 4 lj
How much green will there be in 2400? Isolde Teetaert 5 lj
How many stars are there in 100 years? Edouard Delsahut 4 lj
Does space have an end? How long will the atmosphere be there? Alexia Gevaert 4 lj
How will humans and animals evolve externally? Mare De Backer 5 years
Can robots cure diseases without making a mistake? Will they then take over all the jobs in a hospital? Lander Devos 5 lj
Will we be (more) dependent on nature or technology later? Félipe De Lombaerde 5 years
How does a headache develop?
Can we clean up the ocean again?
How can we efficiently solve the traffic jam problem in Flanders?
What is the environmental impact of a possible ban on disposable plastic straws?
Are air fresheners (at home, car) harmful to health?
Are batteries the best and most efficient method of storing energy?
How does a "tick" behave after dropping on a human body to suck blood. All current information is insufficient to prevent a tick from breaking in. How long does a tick live on clothes, on shoes, in your house?
How can we completely remove and recycle plastic waste from the environment?
Does an increase in cars not cause (problematic) many (flying) insect deaths? Does a car not kill more insects than a spider, for example?
Can we make sure that we can cycle in the car, so that our energy we make reduces fuel consumption? Or we can combine solar energy with our own bicycles (such as a go car by the sea) and a rechargeable battery ...
Can we reduce the energy bill by connecting the exercise bike or treadmill to the energy meter and solar panels?
Can we ever live without oxygen?
Can someone make clothes that control everything in the body (blood pressure, cortisol) and can warn you if something is going to happen (heart attack, epilepsy etc)?
Why do we keep walking counterclockwise? All running races, cycling races in a cycling track always go counterclockwise. Why?
Is man the only being on earth who will destroy himself?
Can we measure air quality and do breath analyzes with our smartphone?
Why, in my view, does the earth have pressure relief valves (geysers, methane gas, volcanoes), is petroleum not the thing that serves to keep the earth cool enough so that the climate cannot be influenced?
How does plasma work?
How is language (letters, words, sentences, concepts, ...) recorded in the brain?
Why is it that when you blink your eyes, you can recognize objects in a stationary shape as they rotate?
Why do they not have tap water in South Africa and Central Africa?
Where in the plant is the key to form chlorophyll? Where is chlorophyll stored in the fall and winter? Where does it come in the spring?
Can you give a person an unusual hair color with crispr?
Water is heavier than oil, so we pump sea water into the oil well to create pressure to get the oil up, this should also put pressure on the earth?
Is our memory weaker due to smartphone use?
How did serfs / serfs survive the winters?
People used to live as itinerant hunter-gatherers. With the development of agriculture we have become farmers who lived in a permanent place. How did things like kings / empires originate from there?
In a childcare / school there is often a lot of noise, screaming colors, annoying smells ... Can we measure how many sensory stimuli affect the well-being and consequently the development of the children? Importance of context?
Suppose we colonize our Moon or Mars, how would that community (s) be best organized? Are there studies going on there? Are there (international) agreements about this?
When I drink a cup of coffee, with milk and sugar ????, and I tap the bottom of the bag with the spoon in quick succession, you hear the ticking sound rise in pitch. When I stir in my coffee and tap starts again with low tones?
If we fancy a certain dish, it could be because we need certain substances from that specific dish.
Can a bicycle and pedestrian bridge cross the Scheldt in Antwerp?
Our skies are heavily polluted, so that star maps can hardly be compared to the observable stars in Flanders and I cannot determine what exactly I see. Is there a star chart that shows the visible stars in the Flemish sky?
Farmers complain that the price they get for their products barely covers the costs. Why are farmers allowed to sell at a loss? Wouldn't they automatically get more for their products if they shouldn't?
The price we pay in the shops is a multiple of what the farmers get for their products. Where's the rest of that money going? Is that in proportion? Why don't more farmers offer their products directly to customers?
Why do many people see the same figures during sleep paralysis?
Can there be a recognized and controlled fair trade indicator for all products? And somehow more insight into the price we pay? Something like: 21% VAT, 10% for the producer, 19% for brokers, 50% for the final seller?
Individualism increasingly seems to gain the upper hand over the interests of the group / community. What is the impact of this on the support for and legitimacy of our legal system? Will we take matters into our own hands in the future?
How do we provide a growing world population with food in a sustainable way?
Why is intensive exercise healthy for the elderly (65+ years)?
Where do the natural laws come from?
Why do children still die in blind spot accidents? Soon we will have self-driving cars and drones delivering our orders at home but detecting a person next to a truck still proves to be too difficult ...
How do we tackle extortionate prices at companies that provide vital utilities?
How can students best process information?
Dragons and Dinos: Dragons sometimes appear in ancient images and mythological stories. They often resemble dinosaurs. Is it possible that our ancestors and ancient cultures were familiar with dinosaurs (although long extinct)?
Feudalism and Mafia: Is the Mafia a Remnant of Ancient Feudal Structures? At first sight there are similarities, such as the protection that the lord and the feudal man offer each other in exchange for an advantage, caraway, all kinds of obligations ...
How to get clean air in schools in the city (Brussels)?
What about broken solar panels
Should a scientific study be terminated on the basis of ethical findings?
Is there a biological limit to extending people's lifespan? And is that extension psychologically limited?
How do you motivate children to read?
How can you teach children to think in a self-regulating way?
When can you call yourself an educator?
Do animals have different blood types such as people per 'breed' or 'family'?
What effect do the screens of eg laptops have on our health?
Will we ever be able to repair the hair cells in the ears?
Is it healthy or not to walk near the city?
Can we largely switch to renewable energy within a short time?
Why is everything from the past (archeology) underground?
What is the long-term effect of our dependence on the major Internet concerns?
Do language acquisition in Dutch and interpreting support go hand in hand for newcomers, or is interpretation no longer necessary / useful once a certain language level has been achieved?
The final objectives of secondary education determine the level that 18-year-olds must achieve for each foreign language, but do all students actually achieve that level? There is simply no uniform final test.
Why is overcrowding such a big taboo in tackling various world problems?
Why does a website such as this (questionfordecience.be) send data (requests) to Facebook and Google?
How can one curb the growing individualism in favor of the public interest?
Does democratization of education mean only a leveling of the value of the diploma?
Is it not possible in our education to maintain the acquisition of knowledge in combination with the acquisition of skills, something that is increasingly gaining the upper hand.
Is homemade popcorn a healthy snack?
How do you get hungry
The sword hummingbird is a small bird of 17cm from beak tip to tail, the length of the beak is 8cm. In the egg, this animal barely has a beak. What stimulates the DNA to give this bird a beak length of half its total length?
Is consciousness in the universe, or is universe in consciousness?
Can you imagine an n-dimensional space?
Dear, it turns out that sleep medication does not really work in the elderly ... why is it prescribed so much after all? That also costs a lot of money to society. Can't we use that money better for more healthcare personnel?
Why is walking naked in Belgium, in contrast to the Netherlands, a crime?
Flying or not? Can science ensure that flights can be made cheaply & ecologically. Or will flying become more expensive and only for an elite?
Can we know how much we know about a particular problem?
Could it be that the orgasm "shakes" the DNA sequence or the sequence of the "neurons" in humans and monkeys a little, creating a little bit of space, causing our intelligence to grow (grew ...) over thousands of years?
Shall we find a solution for autoimmune diseases?
Should an economy continue to grow? And can an economy continue to grow?
How can we win the fight against allergies?
Why is so little scientific research done on cluster headaches?
To what extent are people subordinate to their reptilian brain?
Is science correct?
Is water lost in the surface water cycle - evaporation - clouds - rain (or how is the weather right). In other words does the water supply run down that remains intact during that cycle?
Why are women who live more than 4 years longer on average than men with identical careers and social security contributions, who can enjoy their pension for an average of 4 years longer? Isn't that gender discrimination?
Why is the worldwide drinking water shortage not resolved by desalinating massive seawater?
Is there a rise in temperature in the universe due to the billions of hot stars that give off their heat?
What is the most? The biggest? Measurable.
Why does the foam layer collapse completely when I lift the lid when cooking my pasta?
Where does humanity come from blood group with rhesus NEGATIVE?
There is no disputing about (musical) taste ... why not?
We burn a lot of fossil fuels. Does this reduce the oxygen content in the air? Is that a problem?
Could we make small robots that could take over the work of pollinators if their numbers dropped too much?
Is there research into the effect of noise on people?
Intuition, how does it work?
When you talk about side effects of medicines, why do you never talk about DES?
From what material can you make clothes with the smallest ecological impact?
How polluting is space travel?
How could you give consumers more insight into the price they pay for a product?
Supermarkets claim that they are pressuring producers to deliver at the lowest possible price because consumers want it. But is that statement correct? Is it not the supermarkets themselves that promote price as the most important criterion?
When I'm in a vacuum, no gravity. I shoot with a revolver, then who flies away? The bullet or myself and why?
How do you instill a sense of citizenship in people, including adults?
How far is quantum biology and is it becoming increasingly important in terms of insight?
Where is the line between natural and artificial? After all, does everything come from nature?
Gravitational dilation: What was the time close to the Big Bang?
Is emotion like sadness, happiness, laughter the result of natural selection?
Diet, it has been proven time and time again that a diet has a huge impact on your health. But if I go to the doctor will he never ask about my diet?
Why do people do different things than they say they do?
Why do I hate making choices, but do I always want as much choice as possible?
Is man degenerating?
Will the world ever consist of women only?
How can you turn desert into cultivated and fertile soil for a long time?
With (green) electricity that you produce yourself, instead of storing it in a battery, could you make fuel, which you could then use yourself in engines?
How does carbon dating work and what is its accuracy?
Can one measure the vibration frequency (energetic charge) of a human body and how can it be measured? What does this say about us as humans in relation to the rest of the world?
What happens if people are not exposed to daylight for a longer period of time?
Can human DNA change during human life span?
The restoration of the Ghent Altarpiece
I have already read about places of power and energetic lines that run across the earth. What exactly are these energetic lines and can they have an effect on our well-being?
What are the dangers and limitations of Artificial Intelligence?
Why does plastic break down so badly and how can we improve it?
There is currently a lot of attention for the air quality outdoors. Are there also simple and reliable ways to measure and improve indoor air quality?
What happens to bitcoin mining when a quantum computer is invented? Is bitcoin at risk then?
How can civilians prevent us from going to war?
What are the consequences if the PNP problem is solved?
Do sweeteners (aspartame) make us fat or not?
Why are so many people still dying from malaria?
What are the disease mechanisms that make it impossible to cure all malaria patients with the existing anti-malaria drugs?
How can we also make all non-energetic applications of fossil raw materials sustainable?
How can we improve the treatment of malaria so that fewer people die from malaria?
The average lifespan in African countries is very short, in some countries even less than 40 years. What can be done to improve this?
What does the future hold for the hospitality world?
Is it possible that you could unmask chemical weapons?
How can we organize our street view (e.g. crossings, access to buildings, pavement, ...) in such a way that people start exercising more every day (without therefore realizing it)?
How do we tackle climate change at a global level?
How does the reflective strip work on fluorescent jackets, traffic signs etc?
"You can choose that yourself." But to what extent does an individual really make completely autonomous choices, without being / being influenced (unconsciously)?
what is the RBE at the end of the Bragg peak in protons?
We know that fossil fuels provide less efficiency than electricity. Why don't they use a small engine in a car to power a generator alone? Eg. 0.65 liters per hour consumption for 25kw. With a tank to Spain and back.
Lipedema, what is it, how do you treat it, what can you do extra eg Diet, why so unknown to doctors
Can there ever be water on other planets in this solar system?
How do you heat air?
Why don't we drool during a nap but not when we really do sleep?
Lipedema .. Why is it so unknown to many doctors? What improves the quality of life? How do you optimize treatments?
Do aliens exist?
Are there things that science does not know (yet)?
Do certain superpowers exist?
Are there other planets in the universe where there is life?
What innovative approaches can we use to retain rainwater that falls in the winter months for as long as it can be made available in the dry summer months (bridging 4-6 months)?
Why does Flanders not make specific extra efforts for Alzheimer's disease?
Are insects the food of the future for us in the food industry?
Why are some people so clumsy?
Is there a future in compressed air for energy storage and for mobility?
How do we get young people back reading today?
What will the ethnic background of the average Belgian look like within 200 years?
How long will Earth be livable for humans?
What happens if an airplane leaves the atmosphere?
Do you think there will be an exoplanet where there will be water, oxygen, and maybe life in the next 100-200 years?
Why is the room cold and not warm?
Can it be true that in a few hundred years, Earth will be out of the Goldilock Zone and become warmer, and Mars will enter the Goldilock Zone and possibly become habitable?
Will Voyager-1 ever find another planet where there may have been aliens and then we know there is life on another planet?
Will the Earth ever be 100% underwater due to the rise in sea level?
Are people already working on rockets that can travel light years and go for example to Alpha-Centauri or the Kepler planets?
Why is it that with an echo of a sound, only the last tone is repeated as an echo?
Can sperm ever run out (1 person)? If not, where does it keep coming?
What about our seas and oceans? Everyone has apparently forgotten the massive catastrophic oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico and Fukushima. What are the consequences of this today?
Why am I afraid of spiders?
Why do we travel so little in our own country?
How is a nuclear power plant dismantled? What are the consequences?
Which (nudge) technique could be applied to ensure that people do not forget their reusable bags for planned and unplanned purchases?
How is it that tap water still has such a bad reputation, and that it is no longer promoted, eg public water fountains, in restaurants, at events, ...?
Could one use the oils from orange peel as fuel?
The earth is round. How far is the term "spirit level" really horizontal?
Are heart rate monitors on watches harmful to your health?
Do parallel universes exist?
Can we avoid testing on animals by testing drugs on something else, for example?
Is it possible that coincidence does not exist and that fate is something you can predict? If so, would there be a way to see what will happen in the future? If so, could you change fate?
If it were possible for humans to find water on another planet, would it be possible for aliens to live?
Would it be possible to travel in light years if so how?
Would it be possible to propel cars, boats, trains etc with hydropower eg by using currents so that those vehicles do not emit CO2?
How does your subconscious mind work?
What is the effect of child participation in after-school childcare on the appreciation that children have for the provision?
Almost all human activities are explained on the basis of electrochemical processes in the brain: memory, seeing, hearing, touching, empathy, feelings, infatuation ... but quid because of consciousness? Is this materialized there too?
What exactly is itching? Why do you sometimes have the urge to make some lovely scratches?
How come I test positive for a drug test before work by just eating a poppy seed cake for breakfast?
Plums, tomatoes, peaches, ... contain a lot of juice. Despite their very thin skin, they do not lose moisture and even remain dry on the outside. How is this and is this property used in the production sphere?
If the speed of light is physically maximum possible. Why is it that some light from just after the big bang is only now reaching us.
What does science think about the statements of Boyd Bushman, senior scientist @ Lockhead Martin, who passed away, about the planet Quintonia and about anti-gravity?
What was the secret of Roman concrete? What was her influence and could we still use the concrete today?
The Romans and Jesus, to what extent did they influence each other? Why was Jesus crucified and what explained his success, including with the Romans?
Do criminals / terrorists have other brain parts active?
why do we live in a selfish society?
All colors fade by the sun, so they disappear. Since nothing ever gets lost in nature, (we still drink the same water as the dinosaurs) where do those colors go or what are they converted to.
How can we ensure that in the future we can provide everyone with sufficient food without further exhausting the earth
Is genetic manipulation of crops really unhealthy?
Can livestock farming be made less harmful to the environment?
Can organic farming become productive enough to feed everyone so that we no longer need pesticides and artificial fertilizers?
Why can't the Antarctic ice be used to reduce water scarcity in Africa?
Can they send rockets to space without CO2 emissions? (Maxim, 11 years)
Is there also microplastic in our food? (Céline, 10 years old)
Can functional connectivity of the social brain in autism be restored through years of very intensive mind mapping?
Will other animals be able to develop later, instead of eg cats or dogs? (Aurelie, 10 years old)
If you fly to Spain by plane, do you use more CO2 than by car? (Pjotter, 10 years old)
Nuclear power plants can explode or rupture. How do we ensure that if we build a new building around it, the radioactive material will remain in it? (Amin, 11 years old)
Is there a way to make laws not to throw plastic on the ground or to stop emitting CO2? (Inne, 10 years old)
How many tons of waste are there in the North Sea? (Mariebelle, 10 years old)
How many animals die from the waste in the sea? (Amy, 11 years old)
Is there a way to run nuclear power plants without nuclear waste? (Zane, 10 years old)
How heavy would an average adult be in 2050 and 2100? (Wout, 10 years old)
If the bears died out, what vegetables would we be able to eat? (Zane, 10 years old)
Could you make medicines for diseases such as cancer with feces from, for example, fish or cows? (Rafael, 11 years old)
Growing corn under plastic - ecologically sound now that we want to ban plastic from our lives as much as possible?
How do the bacteria in your gut get there?
Is there air between our intestines?
Is the world non-local? And if so, how can the tension with the special relativity be remedied?
Can you restore the connectivity of the social brain in autism through years of very intensive mind mapping?
Why does it get colder the higher we go when we get closer to the sun?
why is it that with leaf cuttings of the gold-edged Sanseveria, the new plant loses the golden edge, while this is a vegetative propagation form and the genes / traits should therefore last for 100%?
Is the application of nanotechnology the solution to produce much more powerful and sustainable batteries in the short term?
How do you define "populism" and is there a danger that populism will threaten the functioning and even the survival of democracy?
Can anyone explain why the existence of the euro makes it indispensable to accept a European government there
Will nuclear fusion ever make all other renewable energy sources superfluous?
Can feelings for someone be calculated and put into a formula to see what the feasibility is between two people?
How far is the research on curing type 1 and type 2 diabetes?
Why do people choose to put theoretical knowledge at the forefront of practical experience?
Can inflation of the EURO be avoided?
How scientifically correct is Darwin's theory of evolution
What if everyone had an insect hotel in their garden,
I have 52 euros to play with the Lotto. When do I have the greatest chance of winning the big ticket: if I fill in a grid (6 numbers) for 1 euro every week for a year or if I fill in 52 grids (6 numbers each) once a year?
When the sun is set in the south in the summer in Hasselt, it is not 12 o'clock on my timepiece, but about 1.40 pm. Why that difference, but especially why is that difference different every day?
A tower clock does 'bim bam' we say. Indeed, it sounds twice in succession with a slightly modified tone. How did that happen?
How do fashion phenomena arise? Why don't we like what we liked 10 years ago now?
Do the (possible) costs of transport and logistics without plastic still outweigh the environmental costs of plastic and plastic soup?
What is healthier: sugar or fat?
Why can't the mountain of waste be drastically reduced?
- Cataracts: stands for lens clouding (also called cataracts) - Green cataracts: stands for too much pressure in the eye - Black cataracts would mean complete blindness why is it always called "cataracts" and why the color indication?
Does the more and more paying of all sorts of things that are brought to the container park (eg stone waste, wood) not facilitate illegal dumping?
Why does a fixed monthly amount have to be paid for garbage collection without the garbage being taken out?
How can we oblige countries (and their politicians) to keep to the agreements made at international climate meetings?
Is world peace a utopia?
How is it that so many traffic fines are not collected?
The politicians cannot admit one inch wide. How did that happen?
The illegal dumping has increased very rapidly at the local level in recent years. What can we do about this?
How can the rise of nationalism, protectionism and isolationism in the world be explained?
Is the use of tablets (iPAD, iPhone) dangerous (for health, but also for addiction) in young children? How can we make alternatives more attractive?
To what extent does a water shortage cause geopolitical conflicts? Should we no longer tackle this jointly (at international level)?
How is it possible that such a large country elects someone like Donald Trump as president?
How can science and AI help to solve our (global) waste and environmental pollution problem.
This year there are a lot of cockchafer in our garden. Should I be happy about that now, or are these cute looking beetles just harmful?
Is red wine healthier than white and why?
Where, when and how can Holocaust and remembrance education be best dealt with in a clearly demonstrable way to remove the frequently occurring and increasingly virulent anti-Semitism in certain population groups?
What happens in the body (neurological and hormonal) with a violent startle response?
Why do snails crawl so high against windows and doors?
Why do my tear glands become active when cutting onions, but also when they are sad or happy?
The world is poisoned by plastic, insecticides etc ... how do we stop this and take that mess out of the environment and why don't we reduce population growth?
Where is all the hair that is lost by humans and animals, for example during seasonal changes? Somewhere in nature something has to be done with it.
Is there a difference between semi-skimmed milk from different brands? We have noticed that the shelf life of UHT treated milk in brik can vary greatly. In addition, does not every milk (although this is the only ingredient) prove to be the same?
What is best for the environment: use disposable tissues or cloth tissues that are washed
Where does the energy needed for gravity come from
Is it possible to teleport electricity? What hypotheses are there?
Is it already possible to teleport? If not, when maybe?
Which technology is hidden from the general public?
How is it that so many people believe in a God when there is no scientific evidence that God exists?
How much does a very good transport network that can replace transport by car cost in Belgium?
Why can't we travel faster than light?
Could we use the money for the F16s to solve the waiting lists in (mental) health care?
is the taste of a pint of the same brand from 10 years ago the same as the taste of today? (eg jupiler) and it contained more or less sugar compared to now.
what is the economic impact if the extra remuneration is stopped by offering company cars.
The Universe is said to expand at a continuously accelerated rate. Is our planet accelerating? If so: why don't we feel this force according to F = m.a?
Does sex have a beneficial effect on blood pressure?
AIDS is not transmitted through saliva. Can the solution be found in the saliva for the AIDS problem?
What is the influence of mobile phone radiation on (brain) cancer?
Is it true that you cross-eyed from masturbation?
Is it true that frequent ejaculation halves the risk of prostate cancer?
What is the influence of the position on getting pregnant?
Is it true that you are safest in your car during a thunderstorm and why?
What happens when two tornadoes collide?
Do homeopathic remedies really work and why don't doctors prescribe them?
Why can't bananas be grown in Europe so that they don't always have to come from there by boat?
Is there plastic that can be broken down quickly in nature?
Plants have no muscles, but can still move. How do jumping seeds (Impatiens) shoot their seeds? How do some flowers / leaves 'follow' the sun? How do some flowers open and close repeatedly?
Is it true that experiments have been done to breathe underwater with liquid? What was the purpose of that? Ex: In the movie The Abbys.
If it is said that the universe is getting bigger, what is behind it?
How do you explain the game with ghosts, where a glass moves by itself while everyone around the table puts their fingers on the glass. Is this a ghost or something else? Much played but we were not explained.
Can we build something to catch and save lightning? With the aim to use this as green energy?
How come some people don't need an alarm clock at all to wake up? And always wake up about ten minutes before they have to get up, even though they have the same amount of sleep as the others who can't
Sunny days can give different degrees of temperature with a small difference in time (eg 48h), why is that, because the distance between the sun and the earth remains the same?
Can you light a match with very warm water?
What should we really expect from climate change? Will our beautiful cities soon be underwater?
Can we travel back in time by flying supersonic / very fast westwards and (repeatedly) crossing the date line?
Shopping: Why do so many people want to hold on to their shopping cart in the supermarket, thereby blocking the aisles?
Which method of preparing potatoes / fish / food in general is the healthiest: in the cooking pot / pan or in the microwave?
When you get into the water with your car and you have electric windows, you can still open them and how many minutes do you have?
Is it scientifically justifiable to make a psychiatric diagnosis of Trump if Dre spoke to him
How come your pupils get bigger and smaller.
Are there limits to the selection of farm animals and crops? Can we select chickens to grow to the size of ostriches? Is it possible to grow tomatoes the size of footballs?
UV rays are considered harmful. Does the harmfulness behind glass decrease?
Which flowers / plants are hypo allergenic?
How can we secure the evolution in Artificial Intelligence so that the technology does not fall into the wrong hands.
How can we convince / force companies and countries to invest in sustainable materials so that we can combat global warming and plastic pollution?
How can we improve (STEM) education through scientific research?
How come we usually see planes in open skies that leave lines in certain patterns that are permanent
Why did the Roman elite speak Greek and when / why did it change?
What are the alternative parameters for measuring cancer if the PSA values can no longer be detected due to medication?
Is WiFi dangerous?
What is the internet and where is it "made" or "broadcast" for everyone?
Why can't we temporarily store very hazardous waste on the moon until we find a definitive solution
Why is it so difficult to introduce a deposit on cans and pet bottles in our country when in other countries this can technically be done for a long time?
What is the impact of air quality on our health?
Why do we speak in our sleep?
How is genetic information translated into complex animal behavior? Eg: birds display complex behavior to build nests, raise youngsters, etc. without being taught this behavior by their parents. How does this work?
How do we avoid bad substances that are harmful to nature?
How can we curb the burnout epidemic?
Which organizational culture promotes employee productivity AND well-being?
Can authoritarian leadership still work in today's society?
Which elements determine efficient / inspiring leadership?
What is the best strategy to make your point in a discussion?
Exercise is healthy. Why do we give up so quickly when things get tricky?
How can we best take care of horses?
How can we make horses feel good?
Why do people per se want to lose weight?
Why do nose hairs get so long?
Why can one draw better than the other?
How can you discover what your talent is?
Can you learn to draw if that is not your talent?
Why are most cartoonists male?
Why are chips unhealthy?
Can we make chips that are healthy?
How do birthmarks develop in humans?
How can you get rid of moles in humans?
Will there be cars running on petrol later?
How many animal species are there in the world?
Why don't unicorns exist?
Why do some animals die out?
Why do children have to listen?
How did space come about?
What will the earth look like in the future?
How many people can live in the world?
Do space men exist?
Why does math exist?
Can I predict how long I will live?
Does the Loch Ness Monster Exist?
Why do people cry?
How did nature come about?
Why are girls different from boys?
Do boys eat more than girls? Why?
Why do girls want long hair?
Why do boys always act tough?
How come a baby can die in the belly?
Why do moms do the laundry and the ironing, not the daddies?
Can boys also iron?
Why do we call cake a cake, and a panda, a panda?
Why do French speak French?
How can we move without really thinking about it?
Why can I never stop thinking?
Why is the flu still occurring?
How can we get rid of all diseases?
Can girls play football worse than boys?
Why do most people do sports?
Why do girls do more dance than boys?
Why does the price of everything keep rising?
Why does money exist? Will that last?
Why do you fall in love?
How is it that someone has a gay orientation?
Is it possible not to let humanity go extinct?
Why do people still get married when so much is separated?
Why do so many people divorce?
Can animals also fly upside down?
Can flies serve as food for humans?
Can we drive on flies (as fuel in our car)?
How is it that people live longer and how old will we ever get?
How do we make sure we don't get sick?
What is cancer?
Why is there less food and more poverty in Africa than here?
How can we feed everyone in the world?
How come some people are poor? How do we solve that?
Why does your hair fall out from cancer?
Why do people die?
How do you get cancer?
How can people talk better to each other?
Why do boys go to work more than girls?
How do I grow?
How come you get smaller when you get old?
How did the Earth originate?
When will the earth perish?
Why is the world around?
How will the world end?
Who Made the Earth?
How did dinosaurs originate?
How did the Big Bang originate?
Can there be another big bang?
How did the world originate from the Big Bang?
Why do men get more money than women?
Are there more women than men in the world or vice versa?
Why are there more teachers than masters in the classroom?
Why are men stronger than women?
Why do men do heavier work than women?
Why are boys bigger than girls?
Why are small children allowed to play in class and not us?
How can we get taller / taller?
Why do boys react differently than girls?
Why are boys more naughty than girls?
How did we start?
Why do boys get more punishment than girls in the classroom?
Are brothers treated differently than sisters?
What is the best way to learn to read?
Why doesn't wood and iron burn?
Why does fire need air to burn?
How warm is fire?
Why is fire red and not green or purple?
How could we heal burns?
How can we prevent fire?
Can they make better protective clothing so that you can go through fire without being in pain?
How can we prevent another world war?
How tall is the tallest tree on Earth?
Why does a fly only live 1 day?
How can we prevent people from destroying nature?
How do Siamese twins come about?
Are girls better at language than boys?
Would we also be able to learn well without homework?
How is it that one child can do other things well than another?
Who prefers to go to school? Boys or girls?
Can robots get smarter than humans?
Do you know the real area of a country with high mountain peaks? After all, it is much larger than the surface area of that country? How much bigger is Switzerland for example when adding up with the actual m2?
Why don't robots have hair?
Will there be more robots later than humans?
How can we make hospitals more fun?
How is it tested whether a medicine really works?
What is the best way to make a staff kick in football?
How is a football made?
How did football start?
Why do more boys watch football than girls?
What is the best way to score in football?
Are boys better at playing football than girls?
Where do lice come from?
Why do lice live only in her?
How do you prevent lice?
Can lice jump far?
How did the trees originate (and the seeds for those trees)?
What will man look like later (since we are already born from the monkey)?
How does war start?
How does a national border arise?
Why do we get calligraphy at school when we type everything later?
How is it possible that in 2018, not one year after the award of the Nobel Prize in physics to the discovery of the gravitational waves, the need for and respect for religion is so limitless in both East and West?
Does homework really help to get smarter?
How do we convince people to drive less?
Why don't some people take care of nature?
How is a forest created?
Why is nature green and not yellow or blue?
Why do male soccer players get more than female soccer players?
Why do women live longer than men?
Why are there now more female nurses than men?
How can we ensure that animals do not die out?
How can we clean up all the waste?
How do we ensure that there will be more nature?
Will tinnitus (ringing in the ears) ever be completely cured?
How powerful is an automatic window from a car dealership? Could it break your fingers / hand when closing?
Why can some mathematical propositions only be "proved" that you can never prove them?
How is it that the curving of the earth does not correspond to what NASA says?
What impact does air pollution have on the physical and mental health of children?
Can the Buteyko method reduce the need for asthma medication?
Does daily transcendental meditation really improve school performance?
Why are monkeys terrified of water turtles? (Stuffed myself)
Why do we get gray hair later?
Why do your hands sweat when you are nervous?
How come second glue glues everything, but not the inside of the tube?
Why do we get diseases?
What does science want to achieve in the future?
How does medication know where to work in the body?
Which came first, the chicken or the egg?
How did life on earth exist?
Can the atmosphere break?
How come plants have different colors?
How come monkeys have turned into humans?
Are there any other elements than in Mendeljev's table?
How come we can never hear certain sounds?
How did the Big Bang come about?
Why is there no gravity in space?
How did the color come about?
Where does lightning come from?
How come there are planets large and small?
How did the Milky Way originate?
Parabens: everyone comes into contact with them. Do we have to worry?
Why do we give objects that specific name?
Why doesn't everyone have freckles?
Why do we wear clothes?
How come there are people with a different skin color?
Why do we get stiff after exercise?
Why are some people smarter than others?
How come we need sleep?
What is truth?
How is it that we dream?
How can man reduce suffering in the world?
What happens after death?
Is there hair in our bread?
(How) Can mind maps help students learn (learn)?
Can some insects hear the ultrasounds that bats are trying to detect?
How and why do fungi form on the walls?
What connection (s) is / are between motion (s-energy) and gravity?
Do other mammals also suffer as much during pregnancy and childbirth as do humans?
why are no more pesticides made / invented that are safe for plants, humans and animals? so that all farmers can use them all over the world.
Is the language analysis developed for the classical languages useful as a basis for a language analysis of modern languages in order to expose the intentions of the writer (or speaker).
Are ZERO sugar drinks healthier?
What does the future hold for thigh prostheses, in particular the technology around the knees, and how will all this become affordable?
What were the ways of thinking that fueled World War I?
Which proxies could help us get an idea of the air pollution (including fine dust) in the pre-industrial period?
How should we imagine the medieval markets?
Why do archaeological layers often contain millions of phytolites per gram of sediment when natural soils are often much poorer?
Mountain rivers do not only come down from melt water, from which source are mountain rivers fed?
What name does Princess Elisabeth write on her school test?
From how many trees do you speak of a forest?
What will Europe do if the USA stops funding for the ISS in 2024?
How do I weigh my arm without amputating it?
When you tap the bottom with a spoon in a hot cup of coffee, the tone of the tap gets a little higher with each tap. If you stir afterwards (with the spoon scratching the bottom) the pitch will immediately decrease again.
Why don't we move just like earthworms?
Where does the constant energy of a magnet come from? How come it seems to be inexhaustible
Why make millions of pumps in space travel and not spend on water in Africa?
If Jesus was the king of the Jews. Then why is he the figurehead of the Christians?
It is often said that "man" is the most successful species. However, how do you measure "success"?
What actually is "intention"?
Why has Darwinian evolution in mammals placed the (negative) excretory and (positive) reproductive organs in close proximity to each other?
Do milk products quickly become (more) acidic in stormy weather?
how is it possible that someone is afraid of something he / she has never seen or done?
We have 2 objects with exactly the same shape, let's say 2 bowling balls. One ball remains the same, the other we hollow out and put another object in it (eg a sandwich). Do they eventually reach the same maximum fall speed or terminal velocity?
How is it that the air seems to vibrate with a heat source or on a hot day?
Will robots ever be able to reproduce themselves?
How far does electricity lead?
Is light a wave or a particle? And can particles communicate with each other?
What is time?
How does the dryer manage to open the buttons of the duvet cover and get all other laundry IN that duvet cover?
Can we make more drinks without sugar, because now the only healthy drink without sugar is water? (Eleni, age 9)
Can we also make paper without trees? (Eleni, age 9)
How would our life be without nature? (Eleni, age 9)
What was there for the big bang? (Eleni, age 9)
How does plasma therapy for cancer work?
Can a Tachyon be used in Flanders by Science?
In order to combat global warming, the CO2 concentration must decrease. What offers the most possibilities: CO2 storage or conversion? And which are the most promising CO2 conversion methods?
How can the chemical industry adapt to the transition to more sustainable electricity?
Are there energy-friendly alternatives to the Haber-Bosch process for ammonia synthesis?
Suppose I want to spend 100,000 euros (fictional) to make my child's future in Belgium look a little better. Where / how can I put this to good use (forest, water, air, climate, political, economic, technological ..)?
Why do people have eyes with different colors?
How can you detangle hair easily and painlessly?
How can you turn water into fuel?
What determines curly or straight hair in humans?
How does an allergy develop?
How can we better predict the weather?
Why did humans originate from monkeys and not elephants?
Why is human language not the same as animal language?
Why do flowers smell
Why don't people speak the same language everywhere
How much CO2 is emitted by the soft drinks, beer, etc. that we consume?
Are we alone in the universe?
How much fine dust is emitted from the combustion of domestic heating oil?
Does water heat up from the sun's rays or the ambient temperature?
Quitting smoking is so difficult because of the nicotine. Can't we make healthy cigarettes?
Would the life expectancy of wildlife increase if they lived more 'hygienically'?
Where a building was demolished, vegetation (weeds) soon appears. Is this mainly from newly sprayed seed or have these seeds been waiting in the subsurface for many years?
How can we guarantee that 1) the cost of products also includes repairing damage to the environment and 2) repairing damage?
The leaves of a tree are shone unevenly by the sun during the growing season. North versus South orientation. Is there a difference in the composition of compost made from 'Northern leaves' compared to compost made from 'Southern leaves'?
The spiderweb produced by a very small spider appears to be just as thick as that from a much larger spider. Is this an optical fraud? A kind of glow that hangs around every spider thread and that always seems to be the same width.
Why do insect bites itch more when you scratch it.
When we look at the past, we see that man has moved faster and faster from point A to B. Will we move even faster in the future? Which technologies are needed for this?
We travel more and more often. How important is this for the economy of third world countries?
Will man still exist within 300 years?
How is it that with age we often become less flexible in our thinking?
Can alternatives to bunker oil be sought to make shipping less polluting?
How do you get honey from poisonous rhododendrons?
How can we solve air pollution faster?
Can the problem be solved that many blackbirds die from a virus?
Could grass be invented without pollen?
How to improve air quality asap?
Why do people get tired more often?
Why are there more storms, Coptic winds?
Could a robot replace an elevator in a private home? Robot that brings up the patient.
Could a robot be developed that can preventively detect diseases in plants and trees in the garden?
How do rhododendrons and azaleas get their scents and different colors?
Which trees can you plant to improve air quality? Which has the best result?
How do you dispose of slugs organically?
How can you communicate with computers with your thoughts?
What is the difference between literature and other text forms?
What is the appropriate humidity level of the air inside the house?
Can an organic insecticide be developed that would be commercially available?
How come there are fewer and fewer sparrows and blackbirds but more reed buntings?
How come there is not enough nature in Flanders?
How can ribbon development be prevented?
The waterbus in Antwerp: why did this take so long before it was implemented?
How do we solve mobility problems?
Is there a long-term vision?
Can one science vision for Flanders be drawn that would be valid for 50 years?
Is it not possible that the so-called missing dark matter consists of particles that are so small that we cannot perceive them?
Would slow mobility improve if the price of gasoline and diesel was increased by 4 euros / liter?
In winter, people are cold. Can we invent medication that will raise our temperature?
Can a washing machine be made to wash people?
Can robots help in nursing?
The learning strategy use of students is tested at the start of the secondary school. How can we close the gap between primary and secondary school?
Is working in the garden also an addiction?
How can we encourage reading pleasure in all students?
Why should we be constantly available in society?
Learning to learn in secondary school is a responsibility of every teacher? How can we support teachers and students?
I would like to know if God exists?
Lifelong learning. And then? How can we support schools to teach students this skill?
Workbooks and handbooks: scientifically based or wet finger work?
Why are the bee holes always hexagonal?
Why do scientists join religion? Why don't they answer whether there is a God or not?
How does a bird learn its own type of tune? Every day 4 - 5 birds sing together in the garden. Why does a bone finch sing only the Suskewiet tune and the small ticks, for example, do not learn the tune of blackbird or any other species?
Does a fish have a tongue? Can they taste the same as we do (bitter-sour-salt-umami)?
Why do some people get joint problems (osteoarthritis) with age and others don't?
Could we solve traffic jams by flying cars, but producing less CO2 emissions?
Will there be a day when our source of potable water runs out?
How does a mommy bat find its baby bat in a colony of> 500,000 bats?
Can water as a necessary food source be replaced by another liquid?
If ever a chemical war breaks out that would make the Earth uninhabitable, where could the survivors go?
Is there a possibility to reuse the fuels currently used?
Why are tidal power stations not interesting energy producers ... the world water mass is constantly in motion, a perpetual motion machine
Will the earth ever be dominated by a species other than man (eg insects)?
Are gluten bad for your health?
How does a tree know exactly what its leaf shape should look like?
What makes someone feel good in youth work, in socio-cultural work, in an artistic leisure activity? Is this in the genes or is this determined by the environment in which you grow up?
How can we objectively measure pain intensity?
What happens to cells when they are exposed to nanoparticles?
How can we make nanoparticles visible in cells?
How far can you zoom in with a microscope?
Can you see individual atoms / molecules in an object when you place hundreds of magnifying glasses in a row?
Is raw feeding / grain-free feeding really better for our dogs and cats?
If we move closer to one, how can we make (existing) houses soundproof?
Would it be possible in the future to make a baby out of two eggs?
Can anyone discover a treatment for tinnitus?
Has math been invented or discovered?
How and why does snot often seem to concentrate in one nostril?
Is there a fifth dimension in our universe or is it purely theoretical?
An infinite space consists of blocks of different sizes. How many colors do you need to paint these blocks so that two adjacent areas have different colors?
Is tonic and baileys dangerous to mix with each other
Is it realistic to think that mass planting of trees and vegetation can prevent global warming?
Does it make sense to wear a mouth mask while cycling around town?
How can even more alternatives to health be done by Science in Flanders?
How can we make organic products less expensive and therefore more accessible and 'popular'?
What is the long-term effect of botox in children receiving it in the treatment of cerebral palsy (spasticity)?
Will the external characteristics of the different population groups diminish or even disappear as a result of the increasing migration?
Why do moths make holes in clothing?
How do we offer a strong framework for the internalisation of rich, traditional values such as forgiveness, gratitude, connectedness, grace, etc. in a secularized society in which the individual and nuclear family are the main focus?
How can the introduction of sustainable energy in Belgium be accelerated?
How is quantum mechanics used in science and what importance does it have in our society?
Do two balloons float when you connect one to helium and the other to a heavier substance that provides the same amount of "counterbalance"?
Why are scientists inventing a robot with feelings when we don't even understand ourselves? (ourselves as an individual, but also socially).
How harmful is the production and recycling of solar panels?
How harmful is the production and recycling of solar panels?
Is sleeping outside healthier than sleeping inside?
What could lead people to adopt more sustainable behavior and also make more sustainable investments? Ton VD (64 y.)
What must be a minimum pension in order to have a decent life after retirement and not end in poverty? Natalia V. (48 y)
Why do even governments continue to choose unsustainable solutions for everyday business? Why do they no longer serve as role models? Kris T. (46 y)
How is it that people maintain a conflict and always respond to aggression with aggression? In other words despite all the evolutions, how come we are still the toy of our reptile brain? Tine V. (43 y)
Why has no cancer agent still been found? Tom G. (48 y.)
What could be a sustainable solution for energy? Tom G. (48 y)
How can you as a citizen easily store electricity from solar energy for a long time (> 6 months) (new type of batteries)? Karel R. (55 y)
What genetic or other factors are causing people to increase their craving for alcohol so that they risk their own lives and those of their families? Annick S. (43 y)
Is there a medical (blood) test that could immediately tell me if I am actually healthy and, for example, not developing some cancer? Tina B. (36 y)
Can hard and irrefutable evidence be put forward that will make people and politicians resolutely draw attention to sustainability and care for the environment? Dirk V. (51 y.)
If two identical twins have children together, how hard are the nephews / nieces alike?
Why do people often choose the easiest / most practical solutions that often have a negative impact on the environment? E.g. disposable packaging, disposable diapers Jonas D. (30 y.)
Can I really make a difference for the climate as an individual?
Why is cancer control so aggressive and radical? Are there no other methods and medications that are less aggressive? Jaqueline 52
Are we going to be able to increase the physical capacities of humans? Brian 20
Why do famine and food waste still coexist?
With certain problems such as global warming, there is a group of people who still do not recognize the problem. How can this group of people reach and raise awareness? Valerie 47
How can we move the political movement into action on the environment and climate? Tom 59
Is there an alternative to urbanization?
How should we combine increasing work pressure and working until later age with our personal life, keep our work life balance healthy? Hanne 45
How can we deal with the climate in a sustainable way without jeopardizing our economic system? Jan 54
How can we focus on less plastic consumption without sacrificing food safety? Patrick 49
How do we combat the invasion of aquatic exotics in the rivers and lakes in Flanders? Hugo 53
How can stress-related problems and conditions be diagnosed faster and better? Rosemie 53
How can we reduce the impact of electricity production? Anass 21
What should we prioritize: lower local pollution or lower total carbon emissions? Ian 44
Which actions are efficient for the government to raise awareness about sustainability among the population? Sammi 38y
How can an asylum procedure run faster? -Julie, 28
Do you have any doubts about Jeanne Calment's 122 years of age when you know that no one has ever turned 121 and that no one has even turned 120?
Do people still consider heritage important? Serge, 44
If we continue as we are now, how long will it take before the earth is "used up"? -Filip, 38
How can we make mobility more sustainable and healthier? Bart 35y
How can we counter the decline in the insect population? -Sophie, 31
What is the future of cancer after chemotherapy? -Marc, 63
What can you do preventively to prevent cancer? -Michel, 54
How can we prepare society for the use of new means of transport? -Carolien, 40
How can the government protect its citizens in terms of privacy and social media? -Carolien, 40
To what extent is an interaction between human medicine and veterinary medicine possible? - Catherine, 49
What geographical reasons explain the strong physical differences in the eyes of Asians and Europeans? Annelies 37
What can artificial intelligence mean for medicine? -Lode, 35
What most likely caused the 3 WTC towers to collapse on 9/11?
How do we tackle air pollution in the metropolis as quickly as possible? -Veronique, 49
How will new technologies affect the quality of life in the city? -Ine, 42
Can tropical diseases such as malaria also spread to our regions? Is there then a treatment possible?
Where does the water on Earth come from? -Greet, 57
Is it possible to make a vaccine for malaria? In what period?
Why is the total number of birch pollen this year so much higher than in previous years? -Henk, 58
Why is there such a big difference in the field of alternative fuels for cars between what the government is committed to and where scientific research says that the future is (hydrogen)?
In what circumstances are people optimally happy? -Bart, 51
Could Earth's magnetism be strong enough to set something in motion on Earth? -Hugo, 59
To what extent should we consider the ethical component with regard to new technologies? - Frederick, 33
To what extent will automation and robotization affect employment? -Dave, 41
For example, why are there (but not limited to) certain problems that receive a lot of attention in medicine, although they are not always the most pressing? Emily 25y
Why can't we store and use the energy people generate by exercising? -Johnny, 40
How can we create more sense of citizenship in society? -Monique, 50
Why is it that in a high-tech society like ours trains run slower and are less punctual than before? -Torkild, 47
How can we make our plastic use (more) circular so that we have to invest less new raw materials? Tom 33
Why are fewer eels going to the Sargasso Sea? - Claude, 59
How do we get a better picture of the brain so that we can better understand psychological and diseases such as Parkinson's? Heidi 39
Why don't we generate solar energy in sunny areas that we export converted to hydrogen and export to darker areas? -Raf, 36
We are getting older, do we keep our brains healthy longer? Glenn 37
How does diet affect your brain capacity? -Loubna, 35
Why can a person only really use 5 percent of his total brain capacity? -Asese, 42
Within what time frame can self-driving cars become the norm? -Dries, 48
Throughout history, many 'left-wing' initiatives by anarchists, socialists and communists have gone wrong, where does this go wrong?
How can we invest effectively in medical research? -Eveline, 46
How can we tackle litter more efficiently? -Cathérine, 53
Why do people argue? -Els, 56
How is industrial composting possible on a large scale?
Who is responsible if an accident with a self-driving car happens? -Sofie, 21
Is there an ideal sleeping pattern for young children and can we find out? -Jeroen, 33
How do we stop the loss of biodiversity? -Johnny, 44
The energy transition is complaining about the variable availability of green energy, including non-stocking with surpluses. Is it not appropriate then to use the wind turbines at sea for the production of hydrogen gas?
What opportunities does the house of the future offer to help and support vulnerable people? Isabel 42
How can people's behavior be influenced on a large scale to live more sustainably? Evelien 35
How much effect does sorting have and how does it relate to the time and effort that creeps into this? Karin 47y
Why is pulse fishing allowed to continue within Belgian territorial waters?
What is the effect of micropollutants (medicines, pesticides, hormones) in our drinking water and groundwater?
How can we attach an economic value to how sustainable something is for our health and the environment?
Why is the sun shining today?
How can you convince people to take action for things that are less tangible or short-term, such as nature and climate?
How can we relearn to live together with wild animals in Flanders?
I wonder which ratio is greatest I. the volume (size, extent) of the Earth with the smallest particle here (atoms?) II. the volume of the earth with that of the universe, including all those groups of clusters and cavities
How do you strengthen the middle of a polarized society?
Does urban agriculture have a future?
NGOs exert pressure on policy, but how does this relate to the needs and wishes of the population?
What is needed to realize personalized nutrition?
How can we ensure that innovations in terms of sustainability are socially accepted?
Isn't a weed burner unhealthier than pesticides?
Is a clean label in food healthier than E numbers?
How can you live a healthy life with a very limited budget?
What is an acceptable pain in production animals?
Tackling climate change through agriculture: how should we organize it?
Does the arrangement of matter (i.e. the way in which matter is ordered) correspond to information? -Marc, 49
Are there any waves of information (waves such as light and sound) that we have not yet discovered?
Will humans and robots ever become equal and will humans have to compete with robots over land or energy, for example? -Inmar, 38
Do oral masks really help against polluted air when you cycle through the city, for example? -Laura, 25
Will humans still be able to reproduce in the future?
How can we get rid of plastic? -Annemie, 43
What is the social relevance of science?
How can we combat CO2 emissions? -Martine, 62
How can you remove pests in an ecological way? -Penny, 40
How do we get rid of the throwaway economy? -Stefanie, 24
Why are the Spratly Islands so important to China?
How come you get a cold shock the moment you step into a warm room?
How can we visualize digital media in a new way?
The universe expands, but what is "behind" the universe? -Wim, 52
What is the future of our way of living? -Stefaan, 46
Will artificial intelligence evolve in such a way that machines acquire a consciousness?
Is there a prospect of a cure for Huntington's disease? - Anne-Marie, 58
How will the Belgian pension system and the retirement age evolve? -Tim, 28
How do we ensure a balance on the energy grid with renewable energy? -Tine, 37
Why do stones always surface?
How do we solve the problem of dog feces on the street? -Dominique, 53
Why do I like lemon and not another?
How can we further reduce mortality rates in certain types of cancer? Jo C. (44 y)
How can we make a social change in the organization of work and life so that people are happier at the end of the journey and organizations and companies can still remain efficient and profitable? Wouter M. (53 y.)
Can science answer the problem that it is so difficult to do certain transplants (suitable donors are very rare)? Kerkyra M. (43 y.)
Will we be able to teletransport in the future? Kerkyra M. (43 y)
Does cancer evolve to be resistant to the treatments that use it? Wim 52
How is the bioversity of Flanders evolving? Marijke 34y
How can we remedy premature baldness in the long term without a major negative impact on the quality of life? Jeroen H. (25 y)
Why does cancer seem to be much more common today than it used to be? Astrid 23y
Chemical companies claim to have no harmful impact, is this really true? Sien 24
Is there a feasible and practical solution for mobility (mix of ease of use, environment, time investment, ...) also for smaller (city) cities? Bram C. (25 y)
How can we organize our mobility sustainably with a balance for the 3 Ps? Johan S. (55 y?)
How can we best store energy at home? Sofie 45y
Is there a link between body weight and success? Jane 29y
Are fat people happier? Jane 29y
Does money make you happy? Stijn 35y
How can we organize human employability in a more sustainable way so that the general well-being is promoted? (regulatory framework + raising awareness among employers and employees) Johan S. (55 y.)
What consequences does the increased diversity in the classroom have on the functioning of the teacher? An 41y
Can we organize wealth in such a way that the impact on our globe remains bearable and sustainable? Michael DV (50 y)
How can a fly attach itself upside down in flight? -Gabriel, 57
How will agricultural areas and possibilities shift due to global warming? Lander 33y
Is there a structural solution for microplastic in the sea? -Barry, 45
How long will we be on our way to the nearest star if we leave today with current technology? Mark 63j
What will be the result of the next two centuries of interracial and genetic contacts? -Halewine, 41
Why don't we have a cash money system for plastic bottles yet? Petra 46y
Why are we not moving forward with the research and the solutions concerning the impact of particulate matter on health? Chantal S. (54 y.)
Can science find and provide a solution to the particulate matter problem? Hilde V. (49 y)
Apparently little happens afterwards with many scientific 'breakthroughs'. How come? Mark 63
Why is poverty in many southern countries unresolved 50 years after the universal declaration of human rights? -Gabriel
Which energy source or combination of sources can replace nuclear energy the fastest? Wouter 28y
How do we get to the point where a man like Trump can become a president? Were there signs or reasons in recent history? Yves 52
How could one encourage medical researchers to research rare diseases and develop medicines for them in their free time (cf. Google et al.)? Heinz DW (48 y)
How long does it take before the petrol car is an outdated technology? Pippin 31y
How come it takes so long for science to investigate social problems such as the coexistence of different population groups? Huseyin 50y
How can we put Europe on the map and confront other superpowers?
What is more environmentally damaging: paper or plastic bags? Martin 58y
How does baldness in humans evaluate? Are we going to be completely bald in the long run? Fabienne 55y
Is it desirable for adolescents to make choices about their future? Can they make those choices?
How can we encourage a culture of sustainability and recycling worldwide? Bea 55j
Young people are given a lot of responsibility as individuals (eg self-remediation during studies). Didn't we go too far in that?
Is orientation genetically determined? Yvan V
To what extent is it ethically responsible to impose birth control?
How can full-time workers support their parents / older family members?
Can modern solutions or adapted spatial planning / architecture be used to come up with solutions for loneliness and isolation in the elderly?
Is our universe 'in' a black hole?
How do you get more contact between people (possibly from different cultures) in city centers, in apartments and in public places?
How do we tackle the growing intolerance towards migrants?
Why don't you stay young? (Finke 10y)
How can we package food more environmentally friendly?
Why can't we live to 1,000 years? (Delano, 10y)
To what extent can politicians introduce and impose sustainable measures? Are policies alone enough to bring about a change in citizens' behavior on sustainable living?
Why are people friends? (Finke, 10y)
Patronizing versus freedom from happiness: can citizenship come spontaneously without imposed rules?
How does gravity occur? (Abel, 9y)
How can space travel work with biodegradable material?
How do you die? (Max, 9y)
Why are there boys and girls? (Maxe, 9y)
Is it still permissible today to put profit / capitalism on top of the "health" of the planet?
Why can't you get younger? (Daphne, 10y)
Why do you fall in love? (Lieselot, 10y)
How does life come about? (Leon, 8y)
Will the climate still be okay? (Eddy, 60y)
What will happen to petrol stations, motels, car parks and other public spaces if their function disappears from the self-driving car?
How does a disease arise that you are born fat? (Carlotta, 9y)
How can allergies be detected in the unborn child and what can be done during pregnancy?
How can people live ecologically and smaller without high-rise buildings?
How do we want to live healthy in big cities by 2050? What advantages and disadvantages would living in the metropolis have?
How do we ensure that fewer trees are cut? (Delano, 10y)
Where do bacteria come from? (Otto, 9y)
How do "truthful" journalism distinguish or demarcate fake news?
How does Parkinson's go? (Boiler, 10y)
How can different generations help each other to ensure prosperity but not end up in a rat race?
How did the sun begin? (Lou, 9y)
What new forms of housing can we offer so that our young people can still have an affordable place to live?
Why can we think with our brains? (Arwen, 9y)
What are teeth made of? (Maria, 9y)
Where did the first tree seed come from? (Leni, 10y)
How can educational systems take optimal account of both weak and strong students?
Why do you get sick? (Finke)
Which means of transport of the future will be least polluting, also taking production into account?
How do we get power from the socket in your mobile? (Nelson, 9y)
How do we get strength and how can food be converted into strength? (Abel, 9y)
How come people get older? (Lieselot, 10y)
How do we organize our education in a changing, digitized society?
Why is blood red? (Daphne, 10y)
Where do the animals come from? (Idris, 9y)
How do we help animals heal? (Nio, 9y)
How do we get rid of diseases? Cancer, for example. (Eagle, 10y)
The effect of robotisation (and blockchain) on employment will be potentially great. How do we deal with this?
How do we get rid of pollution? (Kjel, 10y)
Which form of fruit contains the most vitamins: in the just-not-ripe, ripe or overripe form?
Will nuclear fusion become the energy source of the future? In how many years would this be commercially feasible?
How can it be explained that on average North Americans have more food allergies than Europeans?
I wonder if fish can drink and be thirsty.
How can we organize mobility so that there is minimal impact on the environment? Nele V. (31 y)
Why don't chickens lay an egg and other birds every day? Nele V. (31 y)
Trees convert CO2 into oxygen via their green foliage. Do you see a difference in air quality during the winter months when the trees no longer have leaves? Nele V. (31 y)
Does the relatively low-flying air traffic in my immediate environment have a measurable impact on our health? Roel VR (28 y)
What is the exact impact on our health when you live close to a power line? Roel VR (28 y)
Can you measure or check how harmful the emission of a wood stove is? Nele V. (31 y)
How can you explain that someone who stands on his head and then stands on a balance weighs less than when that person is directly on the scale
How can science communication go better to the citizen? Mark VM (63 y.)
Can fundamental scientific research be carried out so that a sustainable energy source is finally discovered that keeps the balance between people, the environment and the economy? Dieter S. (41 y)
How can we move from place A to place B in a healthy, efficient and sustainable manner? Tom D. (30 y)
Can science propose solutions to the mobility problem by researching this and everything related to it? Arne DP (25 y)
Can a smartphone battery last much longer than it does now? Arne DP (25 y)
How come there is no more fundamental research into certain diseases such as Alzheimer's, ALS and cancer? Arne DP (25 y)
Can one research the climate of 100 million years ago when there was also a warming and then compare this with the situation now? Can one learn from this and predict it? Bert B. (71 y)
Can there be a simple solution to get the plastic waste out of our oceans? Bert B. (71 y)
How relevant are a number of initiatives that we take here as a citizen (e.g. sorting waste) when we look at this globally? Is it worth the cabbage? Jan M. (62 y.)
Why does the policy not draw conclusions from something that is scientifically evident? Sien W. (56 y)
What can veterinary medicine offer to human medicine and vice versa? Kathleen V. (42 y)
There are many ways to prevent ticks in pets, can people use them?
Why is poverty in many southern countries unresolved 50 years after the declaration of universal human rights? Gabriel Y.
Is the hyperloop (the vacuum train concept by Elon Musk) feasible in Belgium?
How can Belgium maintain its status as an open economy now that free trade is under pressure?
Why is the share of male self-employed workers in the labor force in every country of the world higher than the share of female self-employed workers?
Can research on SIDS prevent this?
How do we make everyone happy?
Why do we use money?
How many butterflies are there in the world? Have they been counted yet?
Would SKYWAY be the solution to the traffic jam problem?
How is LEGO made? How many different LEGOs exist in the world?
What was before the Big Bang?
How can chameleons change color?
How does science contribute to our civilization?
Do unicorns really exist?
Why is a brick heavy?
How come the sun is so warm?
Why is there innovation?
How long can we eat fish? When are the marine resources exhausted?
What is the composition of marine organisms used for human consumption?
Is eating fish healthier than eating meat?
How can we save our oceans for the next generation?
To what extent does an everyday action or decision determine my further life course?
Could our interpretation of the universe and the Big Bang be completely wrong and do other theories already exist about this?
How can plants communicate with each other?
Can mushrooms play a greater role in banishing hunger from the world?
The universe is 8 billion years old, and with powerful telescopes it looks with ever further and also in time to the Big Bang where all matter was then, including us and this earth. But it is also said that there is nothing faster than light, how is this possible ?
Why can certain people sing and others not?
Why do scientists always search behind water or other substances necessary for life on Earth on other planets. Can organisms there not be adapted and survive on completely different substances?
Can early care (preschool) prevent delinquency during adolescence?
What are the (political) reasons behind the suppression of feminism in China?
How many people can live sustainably on this planet?
can you strengthen your immune system with food or supplements?
Will there ever be no developing countries? And what problems does this entail?
If we invent a new bactericidal agent, will bacteria not become resistant to this agent?
Could you calculate on the basis of the weather forecasts (per hour) whether the windows of your car will steam / freeze tonight?
In the search for extraterrestrial life, why do we only look for conditions that are also habitable for humans?
Will we ever be able to see beyond (older) than 380,000 years after the Big Bang?
When you eat yourself, you double in your own mass or disappear completely
What is the driving force behind the inflationary period of the universe?
Will we ever be able to divide further into even smaller particles than the now known division of Quarks, Forces and Leptons?
Why does the light exist?
What is the cause of the Big Bang?
Where did the antimatter go?
What is dark energy?
Have no natural principles (symmetry principles) been discovered?
How can we prove or verify experientially that there are multiple universes?
What is the mass of the Higgs boson?
How come we can itch sometimes and in all kinds of places and after scratching it is over again?
Where does dust come from and where does a build-up of dust behind eg a door, under a piece of furniture ...?
Would it be possible to find a link between what we call metaphysics and physics?
Can one make a love potion or pill and would this work?
How do we get to a world with more rationality and less populism, fake news, pseudo-science?
How (through which channels) and why does psychotherapy work?
How should people organize to create collective behavioral change that transcends political / religious preferences?
Can the internet be made rational to positively influence youth?
Can the internet and technology help children with concentration problems?
Within what period can we be fully supplied with renewable energy in Belgium? How can we speed up this process?
How can we get people to travel less and pollute less?
Did people in the Middle Ages have handkerchiefs? And toilet paper?
How can we slow down our production processes?
How will we deal with our waste in the future? Could we disassemble what we produce back to atoms?
Can we already produce hydrogen engines profitably in a green way? What are the obstacles?
How / why are we so sure that hydrogen is the next fuel?
How can we ensure that the port of Antwerp can continue to grow without losing the quality of life of its residents?
How can we cycle faster with less energy consumption or physical effort?
What is the theoretical optimal design (optimal with regard to efficiency) of a bicycle?
How can we reduce the puncture of bicycle tires?
Can the CRISPR / Cas9 system offer a solution against various genetic diseases?
How is it that after so long research mankind still has no cure for cancer?
Are there still undiscovered scientific insights from the surviving texts from Antiquity? Can one still get inspiration for possible new research by scientists from Antiquity?
How can one draw a conclusion with certainty from excavations without knowing the existence of any contradictory excavations?
By freezing people, would people make humanity richer in information about life in 2000 years, and how?
What was before the Big Bang?
How is it that mankind is now so keen on money and is not aware of its consequences for nature and animals?
How do you start an investigation?
Can research be faked and sold to put people on a different track / vision?
How is it that after such a long time of existence, people ended up like this (wars, dictatorships, ...)?
Can you think of better election systems in democracy?
Can a "democracy" help (a dictatorial democracy)?
Is there a scientific way to determine which (political) party is the best choice objectively?
What will we do if we find alien life?
When can humanity colonize another planet?
How are we likely to communicate with extraterrestrial life?
How come you sometimes copy your movements in your dreams while you sleep?
If you read difficult literary texts, do you better understand other people's point of view?
How will chatting affect the writing language?
Does literature still have a future in this multimedia age?
can not reflect light?
Is there a possibility to turn CO2 into a building material?
How far do people with 'resolving' tinitus go? And with a big toe prosthesis or solution? Can brains be repaired in the near future?
How far are we with stopping hair loss and regrowth?
Are all bananas bent?
Can we create an infinite energy source that would be free for everyone and reduce our carbon footprint?
Will the cloud remain sufficient for all data storage?
Isn't there a machine that would convert the CO2 into O2? And that would transform C into something else we can use?
Could we make a medicine that reduces the risk of a disorder during pregnancy?
How is it that the hair type changes as you get older?
Why do young children get leukemia?
What tests are all done when you have blood drawn at the doctor?
Why are most mutations disadvantageous?
How can you design a home garden kitchen filter against particulate matter for a wood stove?
Why are Belgian Dutch and Dutch Dutch growing increasingly apart?
Which technology is best to store energy?
Why do people keep making so many mistakes against the dt rule?
In addition to chemical methods for storing energy (batteries), are there also physical methods?
Is there any research into a battery that doesn't lose energy without using it over time?
Mum speaks Polish, dad speaks Dutch, we speak English mutually and live in Haiti (French). In which language (s) should I educate my child? And how do I do this?
Is there some form of renewable energy that can meet our total energy needs?
Can't we do more with current technology (regarding batteries)?
What caused the Big Bang? Can we imitate sunlight? What is the maximum speed we can reach? Would it be possible to go faster than light?
Which way of storing energy is the most efficient (capacity, response, ...)?
What does it take to grow a tree on the moon?
How do we accelerate the measures we need to take to 'save' our planet?
How are we going to provide basic facilities (food, water, education, ...) for the increasing population (the 10 billion and more people in 2050)?
Why does a robin have a red breast?
What are the risks of 'deep brain stimulation'?
Will our children have to learn the same things later (eg learn languages at school, learn to drive a car)?
How can one explain the structure of 3 generations of elementary particles? How can one distinguish these generations?
What will happen to nuclear waste when the storage sites have already perished?
Is it true that there will soon be a drug for allergies? Will hives be a thing of the past?
Is Artificial Intelligence a threat to humans (autonomous cars, ...)?
Should Artificial Intelligence systems eventually have rights and obligations?
Can a human brain be faked in terms of machine learning?
How many jobs will be lost due to Artificial Intelligence?
Social connection is said to be an important driver of language learning. Do people who learn a language of love acquire language better than others?
How can one generate energy without polluting?
Is nuclear energy still an interim solution before we fully switch to sustainable energy?
How do we get rid of all the plastic?
What are we going to do with global warming?
What remedies against dengue (tropical infectious disease)?
Are physicists and chemists active in the recycling sector?
Why would I still sort my waste if I no longer need to in other countries?
Could a new type of mathematics, separate from the current one, arise that could offer a solution to theoretical inexplicable phenomena?
What about dialects in Flanders: are they really disappearing now? If so, can we do something about it? Or is that "not bad"?
why are war games so popular?
Why does Europe buy raw materials for technological development in countries that are in the top 10 of corruption, politically unstable countries or war?
Will the solar system ever disappear?
Who came first: the chicken or the egg?
How was electricity generated?
Can electricity float in space?
How does a touchscreen work?
How do allergies develop and why do we react to them so strangely?
Why are we yawning?
Do we think differently in our sleep?
Why can people talk?
Why can we think of things that don't exist?
How come we forget our dreams?
Do you come back after death and how do you come back?
How do we start to dream?
Are there more cancer cases than before?
Can you stand on a magnetic field with a magnetic suit and how?
When are you going to develop the dinosaurs?
Do people sometimes have the same dreams or nightmare?
Will you ever be able to fly?
How did sport come about?
Why do people continue to use toxins to exterminate animals and plants when they know it is toxic?
How did countries originate?
How do we stop bad weather and get it back?
How did science come about?
How does pain arise when people have cancer?
Why do people keep smoking when cigarette packets contain disgusting photos?
Why is grass green?
Why is the sky blue?
How does everything from technology work?
Will you ever be able to fly?
How did sport come about?
How did countries originate?
How can we keep trucks out of the village centers?
How does education deal with gender-related stereotypes?
Will there be a drug that overcomes all viruses?
Can you live under hypnosis?
How did the world become livable?
Are the other planets going extinct?
Can the extinct animals come back to life?
Why don't we know everything we learn at school?
Can technology become a problem for people in the future?
Can people kill when they close their eyes see images the way you dream?
Does the theory of relativity really work and can we use it in the future?
How does a gift arise?
What structural solutions are there to deal with the robotisation of labor? Is basic income inevitable? How should society be organized?
Can you die from a broken heart?
How does food get warm in the microwave and why shouldn't metal be used in it?
Are there going to be animals in the future?
How can we end apartheid or racism?
Do deaf people also have a voice in their heads?
Do animals also dream with images?
What happens when animals go extinct?
What is the evolution of a dog?
Why do people float when they do plank in the water?
Will you ever be able to design your child yourself,
What happens when you die?
Can we convert salt water into fresh water in a cost-efficient way?
Why do we fall in love?
Why do people have nightmares?
Can we efficiently store solar and wind energy in the future?
Can an affordable solution be found for orphan drugs?
Are there narrative similarities / differences in the way in which literature and TV series address current social themes?
When is an answer correct?
Why does our calendar have 12 months of unequal duration and the year starts in January? And why does the day start at midnight and count 24 hours?
Why does our alphabet have 26 letters and where does the shape of the letters come from? And why is the 'a' at the front and the 'z' at the back?
What is responsible for the color and shape of fire?
Some switch to vegetarian food. Suppose everyone did this. Can this be cultivated with the current knowledge of crops? Is our agriculture / industry ready for that?
Are the inhabitants of the coast open to a more natural approach to coastal defense and to what extent? For example: building buffer zones? Redevelopment of dunes?
Will it ever be possible to develop completely green ships?
Are there hotspots for biodiversity in our North Sea (coastal)? If not, can we fix it? And what about the recovery of creeks?
Are long waves also generated in offshore zones?
Will we soon approach the limit of chemical pollution in the Belgian part of the North Sea?
Will / will breeding fish and other marine animals ever replace fishing?
Can climate change also be good?
Can the ocean solve our energy problem?
Can humans promote / change the biology of species compared to the reference scenario?
Can solar panels contribute to the production of green energy during the winter?
Can the Ocean Save the Climate, Planet and Humanity?
Can't the marine scientific community and the military join forces better to promote both research and technology?
Can unmanned automatic robots (UAVs) be used to monitor the Belgian part of the North Sea for marine mammals?
Can we use the ocean in a sustainable way for our food, energy ...?
Can we efficiently harvest electricity from electric eels and thus even replace atomic (nuclear) energy?
Climate change deniers focus on the fact that climate models are not accurate enough. How much more evidence can science produce to prove the negative effects of climate change?
Can't we make better use of the knowledge available to seafarers (fishermen, captains ...) and other groups that are not obvious to improve our scientific knowledge about the sea?
Can we express the ecosystem services of the ocean in a monetary value?
Is it necessary to mine minerals from the ocean for metals in batteries and 'green' energy?
Do sea animals (such as seahorses, snotwolf, sea cats) also 'homing' (from wherever they return to their home environment)? Eg. if they are thrown overboard after being fished out?
Does the use of pesticides in the polders have a (direct) influence on marine ecosystems?
What are the effects of CO2 uptake by the ocean floor and water (CO2 sink / CO2 dissipation) on the local marine ecosystem?
How do we reduce NOx and SOx by using biofuels?
How big should a mudflats or mudflats actually be to be functionally and regionally relevant?
How large must a Marine Protected Area be before it has a positive effect on the environment? Can't we consider that ships should always be able to pass through for economic reasons?
How can Belgium improve sustainable aquaculture and fisheries?
How do human activities at sea affect the health of the organisms?
How can marine organisms contribute to health in the future (food, medicines)?
How can science eliminate existing plastic residues in the sea?
How can science prevent plastic from continuing to accumulate in the sea?
Can science regulate pH acidification in the ocean?
Why do people die?
How can we ever document all marine life efficiently?
How can we expand Belgian fisheries?
Would people ever be able to fly?
people who smoke die earlier. By dying earlier, they miss part or all of their pension. Is this in the state's favor? If so, it is in the state's interest to smoke a lot.
How can we "force" people to behave in an environmentally friendly manner before "judgment day" hits us?
How can we ever fully understand a complex system like the sea?
Why can't we drink anything that makes our teeth clean?
How can we get enough food from the sea, but still keep it healthy and sustainable?
How did they find the mummy Lucy and is her body still there?
How can we retrieve extinct species in our waters, the Belgian part of the North Sea?
How can we get rid of the heaps of plastic in the ocean?
How can we identify and quantify (marine) ecosystem services?
How can fire burn on the sun without oxygen in space?
How can we implement ecosystem approaches when assessing stocks of European fish stocks?
Why are there still diseases for which no correct medication is available yet?
How can we raise awareness of global warming?
Human aging is mainly due to the shortening of the telomeres.
How can we increase the amount of data on the status of fish stocks to obtain better fishing advice?
Why does cancer exist? How do people get cancer?
How can we mitigate or mitigate the negative consequences of sea level rise on the Flemish coast?
How can we protect wrecks in the North Sea?
Why should we learn about history now if it is already a thing of the past?
How can we reduce the amount of waste in the ocean? And how do we remove what is already in it?
why does ink not get off your hand when you wash it with soap
How can we remove all plastics in the ocean, how can we prevent them from entering?
Why is there still poverty?
How can we stop destroying our planet?
Why do we yawn when we see someone else yawning?
How can we use the ocean sustainably?
How can you break a bone?
why do men have nipples
What do social structures in animals look like?
How do bones get into our body? How are they made in the abdomen?
How do we keep microplastics out of our sea?
How do we keep our ocean clean?
How did words and letters originate?
How do we make seawater drinkable?
Why do we have tickles?
How do we tackle the effects of climate change in the marine ecosystem?
How do anthropogenic changes affect species evolution?
Why do we need sleep?
How does proximity to the sea affect our health, mentally and physically?
What does the ocean floor look like and how do we deal with it?
Why is a tree a tree or a wall a wall, is there logic behind it?
How can ecological maritime engineering (marine engineering) influence the international biological dynamics in the sea?
How can we exploit marine resources without massive impact on ecosystems (eg gas and oil exploitation)
Is it possible to clone the extinct animals and not be punished by religious and ethnic organizations?
How is our coast sustainably prepared against sea level rise?
How many chemicals are there in the ocean?
How come some people are smarter than other people?
How many invasive species have been established in the Belgian coastal waters and what effect do they have on the Belgian coastal ecosystems?
How many new 'molecules' can we create based on marine systems?
How many species live in the ocean?
How often is each m2 of the seabed fished in the Belgian part of the North Sea?
How much fishing can the ocean tolerate?
How much will sea level rise on the Flemish coast and how will we be protected against it?
How sustainable is deep-sea mining?
How do you communicate scientific results to the general public? Often results do not reach the general public. And if so, it is not always understandable.
How can you sustainably continue sand replenishment on beaches without dredging?
How to find the right balance between a maximum of green and blue (in sea) energy, without disturbing the biodiversity?
How can (marine) nature conservation problems be made more understandable for the general public?
How to maintain a healthy sea that is good for us and good for the animals?
How can we prevent the supply of pollutants from ports: pesticides, waste water, chemicals, ...?
How do we prevent ships from dumping waste into the ocean?
How can we protect the coast in a sustainable way against erosion, especially with regard to future sea level rise?
How do we solve the problem of the 'Paardenmarkt' (WWI ammunition dump off the coast of Heist)?
How can the ocean deal with plastic and chemical pollution in the long term?
How will the new aquaculture companies in the Belgian wind farms influence plankton?
How will marine organisms cope with rising sea temperatures?
The Ophrys apifera is an orchid that mimics the color, shape and hair of a female bee to attract male bees. Since an orchid has no eyes / brains, how can it know what a female bee looks like and transform it?
How will sea level rise affect the Flemish coastline in the future?
How will the Belgian coast evolve in the future?
How can we combine economic growth and population growth with improving the functioning of the ecosystem?
How will we deal with the rise of Artificial Intelligence?
If possible, why don't we live sustainably?
How can we better assess the impact of human pressure on the sea and the earth? How to develop better indicators?
What is the influence of the sea (positive and negative) on human and animal health?
Does terrestrial groundwater in coastal areas (fresh water) have an effect on the local marine ecosystem?
Is groundwater currently being exploited in a sustainable way? How can we improve the current situation?
Is it okay for species to disappear when others gain the upper hand?
Is it possible to achieve 100% green energy using offshore energy?
Is it healthier to live in a more natural environment?
Is the Belgian part of the North Sea large enough for all the plans we have and services we expect from them?
Are the energy costs for the construction and maintenance of wind turbines (at sea) not too high?
Is the problem of plastics soluble in the sea?
Is there a difference in development between children aged 2.5 years who attended childcare as babies and toddlers compared to those who stayed at home?
Does the sediment in the Scheldt originate from the sea or does it have a terrestrial origin?
Does your language influence the outcome of a job interview?
Is it possible to develop aquaculture from algae in Belgium?
Is there enough space in the Belgian part of the North Sea for offshore renewable energy?
More knowledge and monitoring is needed about the transition zones between land and rivers
Can the marine environment be a source of sustainable and clean energy (wind, wave, thermal energy…)?
Can artificial reefs be used as a means to restore fish stocks and to better protect Belgian beaches against wave impact and erosion?
Can we investigate how the wind stimulates the construction of the dunes (natural coastal defense)?
Can we do more research on new antibiotics and medicines!
What will we do in the long term with the ammunition dump Horse Market off the coast of Knokke-Heist?
Can scientists quantify the marine ecosystem services of the Belgian part of the North Sea?
How are we going to store energy? Can the sea / ocean offer a solution?
Science must look for sustainable and environmentally friendly (safe) ways for deep-sea mining
Do sustainable energy developments at sea produce pollutants for large pelagic fish?
How do we develop more sustainable fishing methods (passive and active)?
What is the psychological function of faith? Can an individual or society function without any kind of belief? Are there any examples of this?
What are the effects of climate change on the North Sea?
Does climate change have an effect on the North Sea environment?
Are animal diseases a risk to humans or is it the other way around?
The sea can only be cleaned with the cooperation of social scientists!
Actually, we should get a better understanding of how fish behave (foraging ...) and then relate this to fish stocks.
Can we use more adaptive management to conserve important marine species?
What about the functioning of soil communities in marine ecosystems?
How does my language influence my view of reality? Am I a different person if I speak another language?
Which areas in the Belgian part of the North Sea and coastal zone should be protected in order to restore soft-bottomed habitats and fish stocks?
What are the consequences of the sea level rise for the Belgian coast?
What is the impact of fisheries policy on the marine ecosystem?
What can we do to accelerate marine scientific research in developing countries?
What large-scale rhythms are there in coastline migration?
What precautions are being taken against sea level rise?
What does Flanders do if the sea level continues to rise? Making the dikes ever higher (high cost)? Are there priority areas?
When do we colonize the moon?
Where and how many seahorses live in the North Sea?
Where do certain species occur in the sea?
What stops us from investing even more in the development of vaccines against human and animal diseases?
What ecosystem functions, goods and services do temperate and tropical marine and estuarine ecosystems offer to dependent human communities?
What species live in the sea and what role / functions do they have?
Why is there no aquaculture of mussels in Belgium?
Will eating fish be a problem in the future?
The UN decade for the ocean (2021-2030) is coming. Will more researchers with policy expertise be trained for this?
Do you want to cycle faster when it rains? or do you get wet?
How can we save plastic?
How does science best deal with pseudoscience? How can science help minimize belief in pseudoscience?
Which direction do we need to travel in the past?
Genetically modified organisms, ethical?
How do we help plastic out of the sea?
How come secondary school students lose their intrinsic motivation to learn and at what age does this loss start?
At what age do we develop 'taste'?
What is the meaning of life?
How do whales drink?
Would it be possible to grow food on other planets in our solar system?
Will one ever be able to do a full eye transplant?
Is there still a future for Belgisceh fisheries?
Why is the same frequency not available for a radio station across Flanders?
How can we purify the air in our garden?
How can we sustainably supply the rising world population with protein-rich food in the future?
Is the Riemann hypothesis correct?
Hadwiger and Nelson problem: at least how many colors are needed to color the unit graph in the plane?
How will our shop windows continue to evolve?
Can a (museum) multicultural 'beauty experience' make people live together (more morally)?
Can a targeted funding channel for interdisciplinary scientific research increase the valorisation of that research and thus clarify the accountability of the spending of public money on research among the population?
Has the amount of oxygen in the air changed over the past 100 years? Which factors influence the amount of oxygen?
Why are the planets around in our solar system?
Can we develop alternative methods for animal testing in biomedical science that could prevent much animal suffering?
Why do clouds hang together in dense suits and have such different shapes: veil clouds, cumulus clouds ... The vapor in my kitchen does not become a cloud there. why not all clouds fall down water is heavier than air.
What exactly is itching?
How can science help to combat addictive effects? From alcohol and drugs, from social media, ...
Can science provide an answer to the question of whether a basic income is feasible for everyone, and whether this is a good way to combat poverty and to achieve a better balance between work and family?
Can science help difficult eaters appreciate new flavors more easily?
Can science help difficult eaters appreciate new flavors more easily?
Can science develop tools that enable children to drive independently in traffic at a younger age?
Do teenagers start puberty earlier than a generation ago?
Are there more burnouts now than before? How did that happen? And what can be done about it?
Why doesn't it hurt if you accidentally bite your tongue, but if you do on purpose?
How far is the research on neurofibramatosis, and what could medications do for this condition? It could really stop everything from the condition. Can NF be detected in the fetus?
Why do refrigerators and freezers have to stand still for hours after re-use?
Our body is around 38 ° C, yet we feel uncomfortable at similar external temperatures. How come?
Are identical twins' brains identical?
When will man reach his own limit in achieving record times in sports?
Isn't it ecologically more interesting if we change all plastic soda packaging into standard glass bottles? Afterwards, these are deposited / collected and washed for reuse.
What is needed to share and make data about diseases more globally available? This would increase the chances of successful therapy for rare diseases such as ALS, MS, EDS, ....
Why is the air from your mouth cold when you "blow out a candle" (lips spout) and warm when you "sigh" (open-mouthed)?
Isn't it more energy efficient to float all our trains with electromagnets over tracks?
Why is so little scientific literature available?
What are the effects of co-parenting on children's development?
What is the most likely way for humanity to disappear? Or almost.
Do all types of light have a specific effect on humans? For example: blue light can make you fall asleep worse.
How come we are too warm at 27 °, while our body temperature is 37 °?
Trees and plants filter the particulate matter and can improve the air quality. But ... only in spring and summer? Is the air quality measurably worse in winter?
Can water purification and reuse at home level solve the problem of water scarcity?
What is most polluting? A lot of fast traffic or less but step-by-step traffic?
Can we ever get rid of cancer?
The population increase on our planet is (un-?) Wanted necessary for the growth of the (world) economy?
When will one discover where consciousness is in our brain and will it ever be possible to transfer it to an external medium?
Why is there no drug that makes you immune to cold sores?
What is the potential of energy recovery from wastewater?
What is the potential of sustainable food production in the form of microbial protein?
Why are we denying ourselves faster scientific progress (especially medical) by not applying "ethically irresponsible" research methods more quickly.
What is the use of snot?
Why can one take a picture of the back of the planet Pluto, but my back specialist does not know the cause of my chronic back pain?
The rich are getting richer and the poor are getting poorer. The gap is widening. How long is this feasible?
Will it be possible in the future to have a child with genetic material from two mothers?
If the BIG Bang theory is correct, our universe would have originated some 13.8 billion years ago. Since the speed of light is the highest possible, can I suppose that our universe is a sphere with a radius of 13.8 light-years?
Will there be an easy way to convert heat to electricity in the future?
Is it possible to have AI partially govern a country side-by-side with a slimmed-down version of the current government to mitigate corruption and weak governance, for example?
What can be the consequences of an exchange of the magnetic north and south poles?
Are we evolving towards a new ice age? Because of the extremely low solar activity?
What is dark matter in space?
Do monkeys know that they pass on their traits to their offspring?
What is the recommended age to start frequent cancer screening through blood count results?
Is there a desire for money and power in human nature or is there still hope for world peace?
Why can the high radioactive waste that remains more than 200 degrees for thousands of years not be used as a heat source?
Are there investigations into defense mechanisms against a nuclear war?
Can a European windmill network, especially in the North Sea, be a solution for sustainable energy production in Europe?
Why is there no scientific solution to the problem between Jews and Arabs?
Isn't birth control the most important step towards less poverty and a sustainable future for the earth?
Most of the plastic pollution in the oceans comes from only a dozen rivers. Why can't international aid be provided through a UN project to clean up those rivers before draining into the ocean?
Can a reform of European agricultural policy ensure a gradual conversion from livestock to insect farming?
Waves are simply disturbances in a particular physical medium or field, resulting in a vibration or oscillation. (water molecules move up and down => waves, the same with air molecules => sound). What moves with electromagnetic waves?
How and when do we tackle the large-scale tax evasion that costs the Belgian and European economy billions a year. And what possible effect would reducing this have on our prosperity?
How do you clean a cutting board after you cut raw meat on it? Is a plastic cutting board more hygienic than a wooden one?
How does medicine influence the evolution theory of man? And could we evolve to the current standard of living without it?
Law of conservation of energy. How is "I lift a stone and put it down" different from "I lift a stone and drop it at the highest point"?
Could superficial wounds be "sealed" with a converted ion exchanger?
Why all the buzz about plastic in the ocean when there is already a plastic-eating enzyme for it?
How do religions originate? Are there still religions today? Did / did this always happen the same way in the past? What is / are the driving force (s) for the emergence of a religion?
How do we ensure that the further automation of jobs in the future means that we all have to work less. Instead of that it "steals jobs" and makes a small group even richer.
Hello Lieven, the earth is round and keeps rotating. Imports and exports are carried out, thousands of tons transported per day, and yet the sphere keeps spinning without stopping at a certain moment. Grtz Steven
What are the chances that the extremely heavy megalithic structures worldwide are at specific coordinates to keep the Earth's crust in place?
Can we think of a better economic system than capitalist? Where the profit of one does not come at the expense of many others.
How is it that gravity bends space-time?
Can you see in someone's brain that he is highly sensitive?
What was so nutritious at the time of the dinosaurs that these animals could grow so big?
How effective was the medicine of the Greeks and Romans? And can we learn from that today?
How can I ensure that I become fully self-sufficient? (electricity, heat, gas, water, waste, food, ...)
Are there good, sustainable and affordable alternatives for all plastic packaging?
Is there a relationship between the use of (certain) medication (by parents and young children) and the giftedness of the children of these parents or these children?
Will man ever be able to grow meat?
Good morning, How come when it is 20 ° we wear light clothes in the summer and wear sweaters and long pants in the winter? I like to hear it. With kind regards, Sonia
How long can 'being happy' last?
Why do uniforms exist?
What is light made of?
Why do we have certain names for objects?
If the entire world population pursues a plant-based diet, is there enough food to feed the world population? (After adapting our agri industries)
What percentage of politics is truly otherworldly?
Are we less allergic if we are less hygienic?
What are the main causes of natural disasters: natural processes or people? Most landslides happen in inhabited areas.
Can aquaculture replace traditional sea fishing in a healthy ecological way?
Are peat bogs causing more or less global warming?
Do women give birth better underwater?
How is water redistributed across the Earth through climate changes? (soil moisture, groundwater, snow, atmospheric water, ...)
How can satellite measurements help us understand the relationship between the water cycle and the carbon cycle on Earth?
Technology has democratized the problem-solving capacity: 3dprint, cloud computing, smartphones. How can we get more people to innovate?
How can we use satellites to see exactly how much water is in snow?
Can the thousands of Earth observation satellites be replaced by a handful of more efficient satellites?
Promote Biology as a Technology Beyond the Range of "Life" ... For example, biology can be a catalyst for growth rather than creation. For example, you would make furniture or buildings from biomaterials.
How can we ensure that people retain excellent motor function as they age?
What has become of the promising H2fuel (hydrogen bonded to a carrier). Will this so-called Colombus egg find a smooth application in our current transport system?
Why does man continue to reproduce when there are so many of us in the world?
What are the long-term effects of the ever increasing traffic jams on the mental resilience of employees. Does long-term exposure to stress from traffic jams have a reinforcing effect on diseases such as burnout and depression?
Is human reproduction a natural need or a conscious choice?
How dramatic must a situation become to bring about a total change in behavior regarding the environmental issue?
Why are archaeological finds always underground? The former buildings / streets / etc were just above the ground?
Why is so much invested by humanity in space travel to distant planets?
How can cats purr?
How can society pay more attention to the self-management of older people with a (serious) need for care?
What happens to your brain when you get a bullet in your brain?
Is it possible to think of a way to connect with any evolved extraterrestrial life?
Could there be other dimensions we don't know?
Is it possible to travel time?
Is the discourse and language of football commentators different in a women's football match?
Are we ever going to like a work of art from a robot or even pay a lot of money for it?
Why do crows have some kind of funeral?
How can citizen science data be used as efficiently as possible in science in general and in nature conservation in particular?
How can life arise from nonliving beings?
Is consciousness a mind or a by-product of our brain?
Do the short stories that appear in contemporary magazines have specific features?
Which species will be able to survive under a changing climate in Flanders, and will this in particular be possible in the current nature reserves or will they have to move along with the climate niche of the different species?
Why do some people get more injuries than others?
What happens in our brains during daydreaming?
What are the characteristics of LGB representation in Flemish film, literature and TV? Are there at all sufficient identification options for LGB youth in Flemish culture?
Is it better to intertwine nature or to separate it strictly from other land uses (eg agriculture, housing)?
Why are no extra batteries put in an electric car to charge cars?
Can political willingness and decisiveness be found to counteract the fragmentation of public funding of scientific research in a diverse public administration landscape?
Why do my legs tremble when I leave the Atomium?
Why is the research in Belgium into alternative energy sources not yet progressing, as time is running out?
What tools can we develop to visualize the impact of planned measures on nature and the environment for policymakers?
Why does the human body look the way it is now and has no other shape?
How come we hardly notice anything consciously when we sleep?
Will man ever be able to determine and prove one conclusive 'theory of everything'?
I think by linking chemistry and mechanics that you can change Newton's action = reaction to action = 2x reaction. So energy recovery. Do you also think this is possible?
What impact would the One Belt One Road project from China have on Europe?
How does someone become obese? What happens in someone's brain that causes him / her to make the wrong food choices. How does sugar / fat addiction arise and more importantly, how do we solve this? How much of this is genetically determined?
How is it that we can still “perceive” the cosmic background rays everywhere after it has been traveling for billions of years?
How can you encourage young people who don't like to read through gaming to read books?
Is there enough space in the North Sea to produce a significant share of renewable energy?
Will printing books on paper ever disappear in light of the environmental issue?
Will the "writing" (= pen on paper) ever disappear?
What is the importance of speaking the same language in school for integration, school results and study success?
Why is reading on screen more difficult for some people than reading on paper?
Is there still a motivation for a universal language? Which? And how could we create this?
Will we ever be able to enjoy the sun safely?
How can we make literature more popular again and thus attract a wider and younger audience?
How can you get people to have a "sense of urgency" about sustainability?
How can you use commons such as food, mobility, etc. to raise awareness about sustainability?
How do you ensure that the economic system changes so that it is economically feasible for companies to be sustainable and they also find it positive?
How can you expect all countries in the world to work on sustainability if the inequality between countries remains so great?
How do you ensure that everyone understands the importance of a more sustainable life?
How can you expect "the citizen" to take care of the climate issue if some prominent figures and world leaders deny it?
How can media come up with (better) utopian stories so that we can believe that the tide will turn?
Where does DNA research go? And who will determine the boundary (policy, science, ...)?
Should zones be defined in which pre-determination of DNA is possible (and, for example, elimination of certain genes) and when not?
Should there be an ethics committee that decides which people can have children and which cannot?
How can you avoid that DNA technology does not increase inequality between people?
Will one only create perfect "designer babies" in the future?
Who can decide whether certain DNA research / DNA manipulation is still ethical?
Does DNA determine your handwriting?
How can we ensure that we limit antibiotic resistance? Are new medicines possible?
Are new, dangerous diseases coming our way?
Why is it that not all doctors start the same treatment with, for example, ear infections?
Why is phage therapy not allowed in the Western world?
Are there any drugs that cannot develop resistance? Can we learn from this with regard to antibiotic resistance?
Will one ever be able to cure all diseases in the world?
What is the role of doctors in a future for robots and apps?
How can we ensure that there is also a social component in our society and that the trend of democracy is falling?
How can we combat loneliness and individualisation in society?
Can an increased focus on sharing economy and commons counteract individualization and loneliness?
How come people can be so hard on each other? Where is the love? :-)
What role do social media play in the hardening of our social contacts? Do these influence this?
Will social media ever disappear again?
How can people be reached 'ideologically' and think more critically / nuanced so that they understand the problems of right-wing, populist thinking?
How (and from what age) does racial hatred develop? And can we ever counter / eliminate this?
How do you teach young children how to deal with diversity?
How come some people are selfish and anti-social?
What competences can you teach children to counteract a natural urge for evolutionary egoism?
How do you prevent racism?
Young children do not see 'races', at least if they are used to it, this will be taught later. How can we stop this? When will this happen?
Can an effective definitive cure (surgery / medication) for heel spurs be found?
How can we make schools more diverse based on policy?
How can you ensure that people all adjust their behavior to reduce light pollution?
Will our body ever be able to protect and adapt itself against the negative effects of environmental pollution?
Will nature protect and adapt itself against the negative impact of human activity?
Could the "impure" elements be filtered out of the air and reused?
How can we reduce air pollution in urban areas?
Can cities provide collective energy supplies that do not use fossil fuels?
What can you do to protect yourself against air pollution (eg mouth mask)?
How do you achieve collective changes in behavior to prevent (air) pollution (instead of on an individual sporadic basis)?
How can we learn to dose the GSM use of teenagers?
Do social media contribute to more social contacts or do they encourage loneliness?
Loneliness is increasingly common among young people, why is this? What can we do about it?
How do we 'arm' our children against a rapidly changing world, where we cannot always 'follow' ourselves?
Should compulsory education start to work radically differently to prepare young people for the complex future?
How do you support parents and young people in dosing gaming and social media?
How can we make cell phones "on-cool"? (such as satchels on the bike rack instead of on your back)
Will we be able to sufficiently stop global warming with the measures we are taking now?
Where is the engine of climate change? Companies, governments, individual citizens, ...?
How come there are still so many "deniers" of climate change?
Will there be a ban on the use of fossil fuels in the future?
What should the government do (and subsidize) to ban fossil fuels? (collective energy supply, replacement of appliances, ...)
How can we limit / remedy the consequences of global warming for humans and animals?
Films create a historical memory, this can be used positively but also negatively, how do we deal with this?
Will cinemas ever disappear?
Is superficial "Hollywood culture" gradually disappearing or is it losing its impact on society?
How come I get nervous near a BV?
Can we V.R. for complex storytelling about sustainability problems?
What lessons can we draw from the analysis of complex TV / film / literature / gaming narratives to promote "literacy" and "critical thinking" on social and sustainability issues?
What is the effect of depression on cells and DNA?
How will osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis be prevented in the future?
How does the ban on court cloths in secondary education affect young Muslim women in terms of identity development and socialization?
Why can't we float into space with a helium balloon?
What is consciousness? Physical, not philosophical.
How long can we prevent cancer?
Health apps are emerging like mushrooms, but how can we monitor or control the quality of such apps and how can we integrate them into existing systems such as, for example, the patient file?
Is there a real chance that artificial intelligence will ever fully take over from the human brain?
To what extent can a (web) application be used as an aid (e.g. data sharing) for the follow-up of pregnancy and postpartum and thus guarantee continuity in care provision?
The digital revolution is a fact, but how do healthcare providers view this? What do they see as the strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats of eHealth / mHealth? What are their concerns?
If a wheel that spins quickly spins is filmed, and that recording is played back later, we see that wheel spins in the opposite direction at a certain speed. I wonder if that is also the case if you play that delayed?
Now that the nuclear power plants will have to close, gas power stations that produce CO2 will have to be started up. Why isn't more research being done on Thorium?
What are the motives of pregnant women to download apps during their pregnancy and which apps do they download? What do they find important in such apps?
Some mushrooms are poisonous. Does this have an evolutionary cause? What poison is it about? Can this poison be removed to make the mushroom edible?
How can we ensure that with the degree of population growth we will have a livable globe in x years? green, oxygen, food, clean water, space ....
The number of health apps (both medical and non-medical) is increasing steadily, but how are we going to finance this? How are we going to keep this affordable, i.e. which business model can be used with health apps?
Crispy toast bread softens after a while. Fresh bread, on the other hand, hardens after a while. Why?
How can we ensure that everyone can sing in tone and rhythm
If I stir a cup of coffee in my cup and then tap the bottom several times, the frequency of the sound I hear changes. How did that happen?
How can there be evidence of The Soul, and the interaction between all living organisms in the cosmos, in the near future?
Can robotic vessels be developed that can counteract the 'plastic soup' in the oceans?
The top sport of the present and future can no longer exist without science and technology
How come we are so little familiar with contemporary Chinese music in Europe and vice versa?
Is cutting a hole in the ice for survival of newts an incorrect advice? Natuurpunt advises this with dead animals as a result. Newts, frogs are present in such small numbers that this really troubles me.
The Big Bang theory starts from an extremely compact 'pea' from which this expanding universe came. Has it been studied whether that pea is the result of a previous expanding-and-then-shrinking 'universe'? (Where the same energy & mass is preserved.)
What are the benefits of large trees in an urban environment?
Why are there so few hydrogen cars, what are the challenges here? Jeroen P 27
When is nuclear fusion finally possible? Emiel D 27
Is it not possible to perform certain ICT tasks such as data management better by computer algorithms? Jeroen P 27
How long will our planet last? Ria B 59
What opportunities and pitfalls are associated with the rise of robots? Math R 59
What are the consequences if the internet suddenly goes down? Math R. 59
Why do cars still work with very old technology, are there no good alternatives? Frederik L 23
Weather maps show low and high pressure areas. The air goes from high pressure to low pressure. Is there never a moment when the pressure is the same everywhere on earth and therefore there can be no wind anywhere?
What alternative materials are there to make batteries if you run out of current raw materials (such as lithium)? Frederik L 23
Is cryptocurrency a temporary hype or the currency of the future? Peter V 55
What possibilities does blockchain technology offer in other social fields? Peter V 55
Why is there a seemingly big difference between what lives on people and what is being done on a political level? Christine M 36
Where are carcinogens hidden in our living environment? Jan D 44
Why is there such a large increase in burnouts? Jan D 44
What are the most efficient interventions at social level to improve air quality? Lore V 35
What are the most efficient interventions at a personal level to improve air quality? Lore V 35
What myths surrounding sexuality exist in young people? Julia D 28
How do people visualize abstract concepts such as week and what are the differences? Jolien D 28
To relieve an animal from its suffering, we let it go to a vet. As a private individual, can you easily put yourself to sleep with co?
If there is an inflation of 3%, that money is printed and how does it get into circulation, or is this just money from the government, with which officials are paid.
How come my cat's white coat stays so radiantly white (even though she rolls in the garden)?
Why drinking water can be hard or soft depending on the region of the country. Why is the lime not removed during production? Isn't this more efficient than everyone doing water softening individually?
There used to be a lot of burnouts, and what happened to those people?
If we can refract light using a prism, can we select a color this way?
Can bamboo replace plastic?
Is there a way to help science at home?
Can fontanelle size be linked to a baby's crying behavior? In other words is a baby with a large fontanelle more sensitive to stimuli than a baby with a small one?
How are we going to count time on the planet Mars? Suzi M. (20 y.)
How can we create free and accessible options for general connectivity? Elke B. (37 y)
Can science find a solution if oxygen depletion ever occurs on Earth? Suzi M. (20 y.)
If we as citizens knew more exactly what the impact of our environmental efforts would be, would we make even more efforts? Myrthe (29 y.)
How is it that we as a human being and as a society mainly focus on differences and not on what connects us? Marina VdV (55 y.)
How are our instincts stored and passed on to our descendants? Our "hardware" is determined by our genes, but how is our "firmware" preserved and replicated and how does it adapt? Is this done via an as yet unknown mechanism?
Could we learn more about how we can encourage and motivate people to make more sustainable mobility choices? Emmy V. (27 y)
Can science learn more about other solutions for ADD and similar conditions? Ern C. (50 y.)
How can we use alternative technologies to make our mobility more sustainable? Karen A. (32 y.)
How can we bring together different scientific actors to promote a livable society? Julie VdV (43 y.)
What is the Big Data approach with regard to particulate matter problems in chronic respiratory diseases? Bram A. (36 y.)
How can we organize education in such a way that it better matches the reality of 2 earners? Bram A. (36 y.)
Can our education be transformed into a more modular offering that addresses different interests and contents? Bram A. (36 y.)
How could our education be transformed into an offering with a greater balance of subjects that are more people and society oriented? Lennert M. (30 y.)
Could you find out through a simple test how many tiny plastic particles are already piled in our body? Benjamin B. (29 y.)
Can I find out through a simple test how much fine dust has accumulated in my body after a ride from A to B?
How do traffic jams actually occur (in cases where there is no concrete reason such as an accident or road works)? Alice M. (27 y.)
Which conditions must education providers meet to be relevant in 2025? Sofie DC (37 y.)
How can the bicycle occupy a central place in the city of the future? Joke G. (27 y.)
Can a price be placed on oxygen? Stefania (30 y.)
When are we going to switch all the way to the electric car? Bart S. (24 y.)
What will be the impact of self-driving cars on employment? Bert S. (24 y)
Can alternative medicine be scientifically researched? Sylvie M. (38 y.)
Is the internet a scientific institution? Joos C. (37 y.)
Will the internet ever be completely free? Joos C. (37 y.)
What is the impact on the survival rate of cancer patients with more intensive consultation between different experts? An-Sofie G. (28 y.)
Is there a scientific solution for overcrowding? Raina M. (27 y.)
Why are some plastics allowed in the microwave oven and others not?
How is it that there is only one genetic DNA coding mechanism that has not evolved in contrast to the many types of living organisms? The indivisibility of the mechanism requires an explanation other than evolution or chance.
What is better with the dentist: the white filling or the gray?
Why do dogs sometimes run in circles behind their own tail?
How do we redistribute wealth?
Would it be possible to get vitamins from fruit and put them in other food
We can largely purify wastewater. Why can't we desalinate seawater cheaply?
If drawing lessons from the past is important, why do we almost never do that. Does knowledge about the past have so little current social relevance?
Capitalism has had its best time in the Western world and is in need of replacement. Which other systems are ready for the future in social, economic and ecological terms?
How can we take better care of nature? (Svea)
Cars are bad for the world. Then why are they there? (Nora, age 10)
What happens if there is no more lava in the earth? (Lwiza, age 9)
How do we age? (Kobe, 10 years old)
What happened before the Big Bang? (Eleni, age 9)
How can you get rid of mosquitoes? (Romaysa, 10 years old)
How can you cure animals with serious diseases? (Raquel)
How do we make fusible things infusible? (Lisa, age 10)
How do you get CO2 out of the air? (Norah, age 9)
What if we misinterpret "pi"? Pi is infinite ... time x pi ... risk x pi ... E = mc2 x pi?
How can we stop war? (Jaffaar, 9 years old)
How can we ensure that people stop illegal dumping? (Flore, age 9)
I have many dreams, but why do we have dreams? (Elyse, age 9)
How can we ensure that every baby is breastfed?
When you die, can you get back to something alive? (Milla, 10 years old)
How do we give nature more opportunities? (Anna, 9 years old)
How can we take more care of the animals? (Rayan, age 9)
How did breast cancer develop? (Paulien, 8 years old)
How do children sit down less? (Yana, 10 years old)
How can food last forever? (Tesfay, age 9)
How can we stop MS? (Lotte, 9 years old)
How can reproduction do if you want a baby while you are gay or lesbian? (Hannah, 8 years old)
How do people become blind and deaf? (Len, 9 years old)
How can we solve the waste problem in nature? (Mauro, 10 years old)
Why don't we quit smoking when we know we can die? (Lenn)
What is the influence of genes on your BMI and your sports performance?
Can we make rockets with which we can go to another universe and discover new life there? (Denizcan, 10 years old)
If there are fish in a lake, such as a mountain lake, that has only been fed by precipitation and melting ice, how did they get there?
Is a yes always a yes? In other words, does the word 'yes' always mean 'yes' (or - apart from irony - can it sometimes even mean 'no')?
Forests, shrubs and vegetation have different reflection and absorption properties in terms of solar radiation compared to asphalt and concrete. What is the actual impact of this on global warming?
Why do people make gestures when talking on the phone? You don't see the 'other'!
Does a thumbs up mean the same everywhere?
Can imagery (eg metaphors) only be found in poems and novels? Or is there also imagery in a stock market report?
Why do untrained singers stretch their heads up when trying to sing a high note?
Can the formulation of a canon contribute to education in the mother tongue?
Is it possible and desirable to formulate a literary canon of Belgian literature?
Softy! Is gloating always negative?
How come we spontaneously yawn when you see or hear someone yawn?
What is the minimum number of people required to drive an Earth-like planet with an electric car produced locally there.
Why do people grab their head when something goes wrong?
Why don't we do away with the economy?
Is it true that it is best to wash a kitchen towel after 1 use?
Is it absenteeism or absenteeism?
A question I've been asking myself for a long time: suppose 2 vehicles collide in the same direction (rear-end collision). Is the impact the same when the front vehicle runs at 10 km / h and the rear at 20 if they drive 110 and 120?
Discontinuing antidepressants can cause unpleasant withdrawal symptoms. How do you know if it is a withdrawal symptom (and therefore has to persist) or if you relapse again?
How can we ensure that there is no more famine and no food is thrown away?
Why are politicians failing to develop effective measures against tax evasion?
What role can a scientific expert play in a democratic society? Is the idea of expertise inherently undemocratic?
Why do I hear so many anti-cancer actions, but nothing about diabetes or dementia that might even further mortgage our future? And is it not better for the government to properly finance this itself?
Can science be used to do conflict prevention?
Are hemispheres of the brain always symmetrical? If they are not symmetrical, does this indicate a disease?
What are the consequences for the economy if all countries apply the 'short chain' principle? Does the global economy stall, with massive unemployment, or not?
Which factors (competences professionals / space / group size / cooperation / ...) have the most impact on the quality of the offer for families and young children (0-3 years)? In other words: what should the government invest in most?
Can you say something when you fly through the sound wall?
How can we use the sea as an energy source?
How can we desalinate seawater to help solve water shortage?
What about the (timely) evacuation of the population in the event of a major storm?
To what extent can the pollution be controlled?
Can anything be done about plastic pollution?
More research on marine foods such as seaweed and other vegetables
More research on aging and migration
Continue research into unknown bacteria in the sea, in caves, etc.
How come there are more cancer cases on the coast?
Can't we reduce our plastic consumption by cardboard or paper packaging?
How can we encourage people to use public transport more? Bus for short distances, tram for longer distances, and for long distances.
Is there no solution for recycling dumped plastic?
More research into the quality of the water, the height of the fish stocks, floods
Will fish species ever be massively farmed and no longer fished from the sea?
Why are there so few fishmongers?
How can we raise awareness among young people about plastic and marine life. They are sometimes a bit lazy to find the bin.
How's the farmed fish?
Can larger waste bins be placed on the beach and the seawall that make noise to attract attention?
What about the sea level, the storms and the seawall?
What does youth aid mean for young people?
What helps refugees to feel at home in our society?
How does flee affect a child's life?
Does the microbiome have an effect on human sleep?
How do we as a society best support unaccompanied minors who have fled their home country?
Are all children's rights of young people respected in Belgium? What is required for this?
Many drinking bottles say 'BPA free'. Are the classic plastic cola and lemonade bottles also BPA free? If not, is it better not to refill them with water and use it as a drinking bottle?
Which improvements (technological, revenue models, ...) are necessary to put the digitization of our Agrofood sector into practice, whereby all players in the chain can create sufficient added value.
I am a man, and I have the following question: Why is woman still presented as inferior in science. Our society is full of e.g. who prove that this question is justified.
Why is there still so much poverty in Belgium?
How can we solve poverty in Belgium?
How can we best support people in poverty?
Is there special attention for poverty within Special Youth Care?
How can Special Youth Care better attune to the needs of children and their families?
How can we guarantee the right to a decent life for all people?
Can you defrost food in the refrigerator, or does that disturb the refrigerator?
What is the use of a silver wafer (or a one-sided silver wafer) around a chocolate bar?
Can traditional oriental music help digest food?
Is WiFi dangerous for health (5G)?
Is there sufficient storage capacity for energy in Belgium year after year?
Can we prevent tsunamis in the North Sea?
What is the influence of plastic pollution on cancer?
When you walk on the other side of the world, do you walk upside down?
Is the air coming out of my vacuum cleaner unhealthy?
How do we ensure more peace on Earth?
What is required of forces to slow down the earth or influence the direction of rotation?
A grid consists of 100 points (matrix 10 out of 10), how many combinations can you make with one continuous line that connects all points without the line crossing itself?
Is there a solution for tinnitus (ringing in the ears) without causing hearing loss? For example through anti-noise?
How does a blackbird know that there is food in the ground for him (worms). Is there an evolutionary explanation for this?
Can someone with arthodesis (securing foot) still ski and are there suitable ski boots or can they be designed?
Are our feet (partly) formed by our shoes (the shape of the toes)
Spirits exist, if you know people who are no longer alive.
Therefore, if anti-epileptics affect your mood, your sleeping pattern, your stress resistance, ... they may not be effective for people with e.g. post-traumatic stress disorder, or dysthymic mood or other psychiatric condition?
Why do we still translate 'Patrem Omnipotentem' as the Almighty Father, when it actually means 'Father who makes everything possible'?
How can we ensure that there is drinkable water for everyone and that it is also available to everyone?
How do we best respond to migration flows caused by water shortages?
What is the influence of music on our brain?
How can we make polluted water drinkable again?
What is mental well-being?
Is mental well-being the same for everyone?
What makes us like certain music and not others?
How can we make seawater drinkable?
How can we help people think about values and norms in life so that they are more positive in life?
How do we feel better when we listen to music?
To what extent is free will or are all our thoughts and actions a result of biochemical processes?
Why is Hubert Van Belle's model of stratification of reality not taught in high school?
How can we be more economical with drinking water and raise awareness about it?
Is there such a thing as mental well-being? What is being happy?
How do we handle drinking water responsibly?
Why do some people seem insensitive to certain music and are it affected by others?
How can we reduce the increasing number of burnouts / depressions?
How can we design a speech computer that works on the basis of the signals from the center of the brain responsible for forming sentences if the center responsible for speaking words does not work?
Can we make paper without cutting trees?
How are depressions caused?
How can we provide all people with a home later? Will there still be enough nature?
Is it technologically possible to find out how signals in the brain are converted into gestures and actions?
Can we adapt to our lifestyle so that we are less easily affected by depression?
What are the psychological effects of not being able to speak? Impact of being deaf-mute born?
Can we avoid cutting down trees?
How can we make homes more sustainable?
Are depressions hereditary?
Which professions are arduous professions?
Can more efficient hearing aids be designed? For all types of deafness?
Are there places where we can plant new forests? How are they determined? Does the government have enough eye for that?
Is it still tenable that everyone has their own car?
Is it justified to introduce the one-child policy, as used in China in the past, when there is too large a population and famine?
Will there ever be regeneration of brain cells in the speech area so that deaf-mute people can speak again?
Why are governments not taking action against logging?
Is it really necessary to keep people aged 80+ alive while newborn babies need that help more? Future is more important than past, isn't it?
Do we have the right to take animal habitats to build buildings there?
How can we change the mindset of people to take action against global warming?
Is there anything we can do to counteract the change in sea currents?
Will we ever understand communication between animals?
Would humans still allow animal testing if we could communicate with these animals?
Would people become unhappy because of an abundance of information in this society?
Can there be a simple platform where Nasa and Esa release the information in a way that a simple person can also learn. Not via Instagram or Facebook, but via your own app?
Can different animal species communicate with each other? For example an ant and a frog?
Is there a way to keep polar bears alive when global warming (global warming, climate change) worsens?
Does an abundance of information in this society cause more stress?
Would our pets be more part of our family and less of a property if we could communicate better with them?
Why are some world leaders so blind to global warming when they can make a difference? If they don't set the example, who will? What is the impact of such a policy?
How can we convince people who deny that there is climate change?
Do all animals realize?
Do scientists / governments withhold information because it would be in the interest of the people? From the view that we are not ready for the truth?
How would people behave if they knew the world was going to end soon?
Are people really monogamous?
Is it possible that Royal Rife has managed to selectively destroy cancer cells and bacteria? And if it is not impossible, is science not obliged to further investigate this with absolute priority?
Why are male salamanders fatter as if they are pregnant?
Why are woodlice called woodlice?
Why do animals have more partners and should humans be monogamous? How does that work culturally / organically?
Is there generally a difference in character between female and male animals?
The universe exists 12.7 billion years. Being aware of that existence dates back to homo sapiens (?) + - real knowledge since + _ a hundred years. Is there a consciousness or a fundamental knowledge of the universe? So is there consciousness for our existence?
Why does everyone know Shakespeare and hardly anyone Jane Austen?
Is feminism dead?
Does language influence the way we think?
Which alternative vehicle fuel is best for the future?
If modern anti-epileptics, such as Keppra, have such a big influence on a patient's mood, energy level, sleep pattern, concentration, ... should they not be used for other people with 'psychiatric' symptoms?
Are there substances in the air that we often breathe and that damage the lungs in the long term? And does long-term damage occur when you smoke once?
Why are nocturnal animals so attracted to light? Wouldn't they better just live during the day?
Why do toddlers always draw the typical head feet?
Is a “green” way of life as good for our planet and humanity as we think?
Why do we feel guilty?
What is the effect of a protein diet on your own metabolism, on your immune system or on the function of your brain?
Has the relationship between lupus and intestinal flora been investigated? Can food affect the intestinal flora to such an extent that the disease can be cured / prevented or suppressed flares? Can nutrition even the course of lupus in pos. or neg. influence sense?
In Ghent, bicycle streets are marked with a red coating. Months later, that color layer gives off an odor, especially when the sun shines on it. Are these volatile substances harmless or are they harmful to health?
Several times I read via a link on Facebook that cancer cells can be completely destroyed by cannabis oil within a few weeks. Why is this medicine not used? Why do many people die from cancer?
Is Flanders / Belgium sufficiently prepared for the expected rise in sea level? How can we most efficiently protect our country before it's too late?
How can you know / prove with 100% certainty that a color is the same for everyone. That one sees blue and the other yellow but they give the color the same name.
what is artificial intelligence?
Is it scientifically accepted that eating histamine-rich foods can cause some people to develop psychological / neurological symptoms?
If the Earth turns east, why does the wind mainly come from the west?
If the globe stopped for 5 minutes, what would happen?
As you know, we are from the monkey. If the earth still existed in millions of years, would other monkey species develop so much sight and create a new kind of people?
How can we make Brussels a car-free / poor city? (If Oslo can ...)
Is sleeping on your stomach unhealthy?
How can we make a world in which everything revolves around 'raising money' better socially and ecologically?
Have you already checked what activities people would do if the basic income were to be created?
Can you sleep too much?
Can having eardrum tubes put on tinnitus or make existing tinnitus worse?
Is it possible to integrate a scent sensor in your smartphone?
What are water pearls made of?
Where are the non-trivial zero points of the Riemann zeta function?
How come so many people are overtaken by (wrongful) guilt feelings? Are there (proven) harmful consequences for our health? What can you do about it?
Why can music change your mood? How does it do this? Does it change your brain in the long term? Does it really create a bond between people?
Can you "rewire" your brain yourself, steer it in a certain direction? How do you do this, and how long does it take?
Does collective memory still exist and how can we make use of it?
Can you shoot a fly with a gun?
How does an iron remove the folds and creases from a garment? (Janne, 5 years old)
Why is it that when you like to eat something, you sometimes don't like it after a few years?
Why is there still no new hormone therapy on the market after breast cancer, one that has fewer side effects than the one currently on the market?
What is the scientific explanation for the white light that a person sees during a near death experience?
Can a mosquito carry HIV?
What is the role of bicycle sharing systems in future urban mobility?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of the presence of nuclear weapons on Belgian territory?
What is the effect of an improved bicycle infrastructure in the city on the use of cars?
Is the rule of Chinese President Xi Jingping a new modern form of dictatorship?
What role will India play in the future of Asia?
Which insulation material is best to use for the renovation of an old house or a new-build house, so that the vapor pulls out and not in?
How come your car opens automatically when you press the automatic key?
Why do you have morning and evening people?
Is migraine more common in Flanders now than it was 40 years ago? And is there a link between air quality then and now?
Should dimensions in superstring theory have physical properties or not?
There is currently a volcanic eruption in Hawaii. Where does all that lava come from? Does the core of the earth never cool down?
The number of insects and birds is decreasing alarmingly every year, species also disappear completely. How can this negative evolution be stopped, possibly reversed?
What is the feasibility of introducing reusable bread bags?
oranges: preserved with imazalil, thiabendazole, ortho-phenylphenol and propiconazole, artificially waxed (E904, E914). How much do I receive?
With the evolution towards electric cars, is the environmental impact of battery recycling afterwards worse than old-fashioned fossil fuels?
How does a bird spot a worm from the air or tree and does it always pick up the worm completely?
When can we create an artificial atmosphere like here on Earth on other planets such as the moon, Mars or in spaceships. This will enable us to populate other planets and make distant space travel.
The world population is increasing. How do we solve the problem of overcrowding?
Would it be healthier not to wear footwear? (or footwear other than contemporary 'regular' footwear)
Why does water always have a different color?
How can we discuss more constructively?
How can we stimulate social valorisation of research?
How do we avoid everyone looking at someone else to solve problems?
How can the capital of the one-percenters become a source of wealth / happiness?
How do we scare people / societies less, do we give them more confidence?
The number of people eating vegetarian / vegan food is increasing every year. When will the turnaround happen and will we be in the majority?
Is there a way to keep the benefits of technocracy, but get rid of the disadvantages, eg. by somehow leaving the non-technical choices to the citizen?
How can your policy be made more evidence-based?
How can we make better use of people's competences and waste less talent?
How can we ensure a more socially relevant research agenda?
How can we increase the reliability of scientific research?
How can you change complex, inefficient systems?
Why is it so difficult to develop a drug to fight osteoarthritis?
Can a food intolerance cause hormonal fluctuations, and thus physical complaints?
Which plants did the dinosaurs eat? Are these plants still there, or have they disappeared with the grazers?
Will we still have teeth within 1000 years or will our teeth disappear completely?
On which track can you cycle the fastest 1 km?
Why is it not possible to desalinate and transport seawater with solar energy and thus make desert areas fertile (again) on a large scale, for example in Africa?
How do we get rid of poverty?
Is it true that we could reprogram HIV cells through genetic engineering to attack cancer cells?
Is it true that the B-casomorphin-7 can cause pseudo-allergic reactions and even psychiatric problems, such as psychoses? So that you can get mentally ill from milk?
Would it be possible to rocket like our radioactive waste and send it to the sun?
Is there still evolution, now that successful and less successful people thanks to social security, have the same number of children.
What will be the influence of artificial intelligence on our society?
Exercise is healthy, but when does too much exercise become unhealthy?
Why do we think about things that have happened or are about to happen?
Can't a new political model be developed with more influence from experts instead of politicians? What about direct voting instead of through parties?
Is it desirable for us as humans to live even longer than is currently possible?
Will guide dogs for the blind be able to be replaced by robots in the future?
How can we realize faster transport?
Is it possible to eradicate the flu permanently?
How can we give everyone the same opportunities everywhere?
How can we make our traffic more efficient?
How do we ensure that artificial intelligence is properly implemented in our lives without harmful consequences?
Will intelligent robots ever turn against humanity? How do we prevent this?
Is it good or bad that companies know and use your personal data?
Will we ever be able to solve global warming?
What will happen if the Earth is completely exhausted?
What is concentration? How can we focus longer?
How can we continue to guarantee our privacy?
Will we drive an electric car or a hydrogen car in the future? In how many years would we drive that car?
How circular can the Flemish economy become and in what period?
To what extent do mathematical models take sufficient account of the possible presence of essentially different time scales?
Can mathematical models eventually completely or partially replace animal experiments or other delicate experiments, just as is the case with nuclear experiments?
Could a thorough mathematical analysis of train traffic lead to a more accurate operation of SNCB?
What is a worthy goal to dedicate your life to?
Should we colonize space?
Why do we know so little about tinnitus?
Why aren't mosquitoes extinct yet? What is the use of mosquitoes?
Is it possible to undo the physical damage caused by alcohol?
Why are Belgians so good at brewing beer and why not others? Are others not allowed or allowed to do this?
Why does hypnosis work in some people and not in others?
How far do we go with artificial intelligence and machine learning? When does it become dangerous?
Why did I forget my dream last night?
Will artificial intelligence (AI) take over the world?
When will we travel with self-driving cars?
How far can man travel in space? Can exoplanets ever be reached?
Can robots conquer the world?
How do we really produce renewable energy?
Is there still a planet like Earth in space with living things?
Why do people or politicians choose luxury, money, self-interest, ... instead of nature, solidarity, ...?
How is it that a man like Trump can come to power?
How harmful are all the radiation (mobile phone, microwave, ...) and how can we make it less harmful?
Is it possible to make biodegradable plastics?
How can we make crops resistant to the high temperatures in Africa, among other things, so that we can provide food for everyone?
How does a psychosis develop?
In what way (s) can we generate more environmentally friendly energy?
How can we make (public) transport more efficient?
Do people with autism have more difficulty with standard school skills?
Will robots be able to completely replace us?
How can we use increasing scientific technology to ensure that patients experience fewer side effects of medication?
Are women treated equally in the West and do women and men receive the same wages?
Everything is becoming more and more automated, people are being replaced by machines, ... Will our social lives suffer?
Why are suicide rates among young people so high?
How do we solve the congestion problem and thus the increase in emissions?
How can we ensure that homosexuality is more accepted in our society?
In Flanders, many houses are empty. Why do municipalities invest in extra houses and not in renovating those houses? In this way, nature disappears.
Can bad knees be avoided in the long term in top sports?
From what age can you estimate and evaluate your own actions?
Should scientists no longer be involved in politics instead of leaving it to other sectors?
How do we solve aging?
People with disabilities are often isolated in homes. Is this really better for them?
How do you make carpooling possible?
Can a resistant bacteria wipe out humanity?
Do disabled people, the poor, ... need to be given aids to lead an 'equal' life?
Isn't the era of the car over? How long will we drive cars for?
Is it possible to make self-driving cars?
What is intelligence?
Is security more important than privacy?
How can we adjust our own lifestyle to combat global warming and still maintain our quality of life?
How much knowledge is enough? Can we have too much knowledge? Is it necessary to know everything?
Do we allow people to get rich by selling personal data?
What is your life worth?
What will happen if it suddenly turns out that there is life elsewhere on another planet?
When do you get tinnitus?
What is the use of the painful red bump after a mosquito bite?
Would society improve if the alcohol lobby groups had less money?
Why is there no alcohol-free beer that has the same nice effects of alcohol?
What exactly is hypnosis?
Is artificial intelligence aware of itself?
Why do we dream?
Why are people so captivated by technology?
Will we have more free time with self-driving cars?
Which planet could best replace Earth?
What will happen to the jobs that are automated? Will 'working' be a thing of the past in the future? How do we still make money?
Why do arrays start at 1 in Matlab?
Suppose there are aliens, would they "live better"?
Are there really no alternatives to animal testing in science, medicine, ...?
Is a ban on nuclear weapons in every country possible?
Would we adjust our lifestyle when everyone knows the impact of radiation (mobile phone, microwave, ...)? Are these radiations necessary in everyday life?
What actions can we take to increase biodiversity?
How come there is famine when there is enough food?
What are the symptoms of a psychosis and how can we avoid a psychosis?
Is building a passive house a good thing?
Why is my bus always late and why does the line strike so much? What are the solutions for this?
How does autism develop? Is autism hereditary? How can we prevent autism in the future?
To what extent will robots replace us? Is this safe and desirable?
Will there still be enough money for research later?
People often argue for equal pay for men and women, but do men and women actually function equally?
Will there be more depression in the future? Are people becoming unhappy?
Why is the pressure on workers and students so high?
Will fully electric cars be possible in the future (battery capacity, ...)? How do we provide all those cars with energy in an environmentally friendly way? Are flying cars an alternative?
How can we ensure that all genders have equal working opportunities?
Why are empty houses not used to house immigrants, the homeless, ...?
Shouldn't there be more supportive and unambiguous information for athletes (nutrition, duration and intensity training, ...)?
Are age and adulthood always related? Is 18 a good age for adulthood? Should it be higher, lower or equal to 18 years?
Is it justified to give power to the masses of sometimes ignorant people?
Can we genetically manipulate ourselves so that we don't have signs of old age? But is it then morally responsible to genetically manipulate people?
How do we solve overcrowding on Earth?
What is the future of transportation? Will interplanetary transport be possible in the future?
Is it good to extend the lives of sick people if there is no chance of recovery?
Is it necessary for everyone to have equal opportunities? When we strive for equality, aren't we going to favor certain groups? Does this work? Isn't this a paradox?
Is it necessary to combat overpopulation or will it resolve itself? So how do we fight overcrowding? Are we not restricting people's free will by fighting overpopulation?
If wars are waged by artificial intelligence, why are they still there?
Why don't robots just do what we ask them to do?
Do you as a customer benefit from passing on your personal data?
Do factories have a greater responsibility for global warming than ordinary people?
What is the use of knowledge?
Why does man try to know everything when they know that we cannot know everything?
Why is there a need for privacy?
Why do we exist? Does the life of the kind of 'human' serve more purpose than that of an individual?
Is there life on Pluto?
Can you dance on the moon?
Can we ever cure tinnitus? Can we or are there techniques that counteract the psychological pain of tinnitus?
Why is there no medication for a hangover?
When did Belgium start to distinguish itself in the field of beer culture?
How far can hypnosis go? Can you get a person to do anything under hypnosis?
Can we process big data analysis in the brain via a chip, for example?
Does dream affect our mind?
Why are people afraid of something they don't know about?
Will self-driving cars solve traffic jams?
Can we ever leave our galaxy?
Why does the world need money? Can we still do without?
What is non-renewable about nuclear and fusion energy?
How long has classical Greek been a living language and what was its role and history after that?
What if robots are equal to humans, would we consider them a friend or an enemy?
Should we continue to conduct animal experiments?
Is worldwide nuclear disarmament realistic?
How much radiation (mobile phone, ...) is currently present? We can easily protect ourselves against this. Can we still completely remove radiation?
How can we combat the disappearance of the Amazon by forest clearing?
How do we ensure that department stores throw away less 'out of date' food?
Does a psychosis change your character / behavior?
Is nuclear energy exhaustible?
Are flying buses a solution for more efficient and punctual public transport?
Do all people with autism have a higher IQ?
Can we eradicate cancer? Can we (some) prevent cancers through a different lifestyle?
Why are men generally stronger in math?
How can we prevent more and more people from being affected by depression?
Why aren't people even more committed to protecting the oceans? Even if it is known that this will ever affect us?
Will it ever be possible to run the world in a completely environmentally friendly way?
Why don't we build more in height to use as much space as possible?
Why do some injuries never heal again?
Do boys and girls reach adulthood at different ages?
Can youth gain insight into politics without imposing the opinions of individuals?
Is genetic manipulation of food products safe and morally permissible?
Are prison camps better than prisons?
Is it possible to produce hover vehicles to avoid damage to roads and have more comfortable transportation?
Would it make sense to build in resistance to diseases in babies / humans through DNA manipulation?
Does determinism of free will exist?
Should / will we ever find another planet to inhabit?
Is it good to automate everything?
Is artificial intelligence necessary?
In the fight against terrorism, we sometimes give up some of our free privacy. Shouldn't we pay attention to this?
What determines your 'value' as an individual? Are we as individuals not worth anything at all?
Are performance-enhancing drugs acceptable? Can it use evil rilatin to focus better?
To what extent are companies honest with the user whose information they use and how can this be improved in the future?
Should we as individuals continue to do the greater things that are expected of us? Should individual serve society? Why not do something you just enjoy doing?
Will we ever be able to travel interstellar?
Why exactly did alcohol become the pre-eminent drug and why was everything else looked at negatively and well at alcohol?
Why was non-alcoholic beer invented? Is this widely consumed? Surely there are better non-alcoholic drinks?
Can artificial intelligence (AI) think? Does AI have feelings?
Why do we sleepwalk? Is it dangerous? Can we do something about it?
Why do we always want to develop new things?
How big is the universe?
How would a world evolve without world trade?
Is it possible to shut down all nuclear power plants in the near future?
Could we live on another planet?
What makes us better than animals? Where does our 'power' over animals lie?
Can the power of nuclear weapons be put into perspective?
How can we prevent further global warming?
How can we teach people in Africa all techniques to easily grow crops?
Can we generate enough green energy for everyone?
How can we make people with autism function better in our society?
What if robots become too intelligent? What is the use of people if robots can do more?
What is the influence of overfishing on marine ecosystems today? Will there ever be an alternative to fishing?
Can we get energy from space that is not harmful to our planet?
Why is there such a thing as stress? Why do people have stress for a speaking exercise?
How do we make houses more sustainable?
Why do black athletes perform better than white athletes in certain disciplines?
Is worrying useful? Can you think too much and can it hurt?
Why exactly is the standard in our country that unions will immediately strike instead of entering into dialogue, for example in Iceland?
People are superior in this world. Will there be an era when this will no longer be the case? Will animals ever evolve as humans have done?
How do we solve the problem of aging?
Roads take up a lot of space. Can we stop our current system of roads?
When will we have 'technology' in us that constantly checks our blood and so on in order to detect diseases faster?
Do we still have enough electricity if everyone switches to electric cars?
Should companies that produce packaging be held responsible for this waste?
Are relationships with robots socially acceptable?
How can governments be prevented from abusing?
Can we know more through artificial intelligence (possibly planned in our brain)?
What is the use of terms of use if nobody is reading them?
Are relationships with foreign creatures socially acceptable?
Can / can a robot kill a human?
Is it possible to detect gravitational waves with the Belgian GRAVIMETER (floating niobium sphere in a magnetic field) in Membach near Eupen?
If there is extraterrestrial life, how would they live? What do they need to survive?
How do you know you're at the end of the universe? Is there an edge to the universe?
How can we remove all the plastic from the sea?
Is there a more environmentally friendly solution for plastic?
Will artificial intelligence reduce employment?
In which sectors is artificial intelligence already widely used?
Will we ever discover extraterrestrial life or is this physically impossible? Is it dangerous to bring alien life to Earth?
Is privacy becoming a currency or is it already? Can this be stopped?
Why do we wear clothes? Are we walking coat racks?
Are crypto coins safe?
Why are cryptocurrencies not yet widely accepted even if they make a lot of things easier?
Can / want / should we automate everything?
Do people not have a completely wrong image of artificial intelligence?
How do we minimize the waste mountain?
Will there ever be dinosaurs walking around again?
Can car automation reduce traffic nuisance or will this cause additional (technical) problems?
To what extent are we as humans determined by genes and to what extent by the environment?
Is man able to predict the future?
Why are there differences in salary between top athletes?
Will it ever be possible to bring the dead back to life?
Should public transport be privatized?
Can a different speed limit solve the traffic jam problem?
Will a world with more artificial intelligence look better or will everything focus on efficiency in such a way that our quality of life will decrease?
Can you stop adulthood so that you keep thinking young and creative?
Will drones turn current traffic principles upside down?
Why is male football always shown on TV?
Is university studies and many sports (gymnastics) difficult to combine? Is there a solution for this?
Are the so-called AIs the future in work domains such as health care, education, ...? Would there ever come a time in time when Artificial Intelligence will outclass our Natural Intelligence?
Why does fusion energy not get off the ground?
Does the wind make a noise?
Can scientists not research the entire chain around a problem and thus become a neutral (international) knowledge center with authority?
If the Earth was created by the big bang. Where did the particles collide then?
Is there a drug or drug that makes you permanently smarter?
Is there a method / means to remember your forgotten memories?
MtEverest is the highest mountain in the world, MtBlanc is that of W-Eur. Vs. which 0 point is measured? Is there such a thing as a ref. 0 point or do both mountains have a 0 point from where it is measured (and why is that and how and by whom is this determined)?
Do people have free will?
Which insects are not edible or are there insects that people are allergic to.
How do agricultural systems (organic farming, intensive farming, agro-ecological farming, etc.) compare in terms of sustainability (taking all aspects into account)?
Do insects have a nervous system? how are insects killed (slaughtered)?
Could we let cats eat insects instead of meat chunks?
What causes migraines?
What are autoimmune disease triggers?
How do we teach adults to deal with diversity?
How can we use technology to combat loneliness?
How can we use technology to combat discrimination in the labor market?
How should money change to better contribute to a sustainable economy?
How do we change the interpretation and image around working longer (more of the same and therefore often not feasible) to working differently that is feasible and can therefore work longer?
How can heritage contribute to a better world?
How do we ensure that we are more open to changes (aging, diversity, sustainability, ...) and see them as opportunities for a better world?
How can we teach everyone to use design thinking, lean canvas, blockchain, artificial intelligence, internet of things, co-creation, ...?
How can we ensure that electric vehicles can also be fitted with a tow bar as standard?
Will we ever be able to completely remove species such as Japanese knotweed and boxwood moth from our regions?
How did fibromyalgia develop? How can we cure it? because now it is a very slow painful death and without hope I do not want to keep fighting. Disbelief is also a huge taboo while we are really looking for help.
My cat has a chronic cat flu, is there nothing in the world now that can fix this?
It used to be the Buffalos and elephant pipes. Shall we look back on 2018 within 15 years and think, what was I wearing then?
When burned it becomes a larger volume, the earth is round, the gas is outside the solid part. If a lot of gas is added to the atmosphere, will the outer circle become larger and will the gas be lost in space?
Are batteries for the automotive sector only a temporary solution and is the car from back to the future perhaps not that far-fetched? And how does Belgium help research to apply nuclear fusion on a household scale?
How can we prevent diseases in the world?
Why do we have to pay for everything and nothing can be free?
What will happen to the poor people in the future?
How will man evolve further?
Where do fruit flies come from?
How come football is so popular (in Europe)?
To what extent is nail polish unhealthy for your nails?
How is the KGA processed?
Gender identity: innate or learned? (genetic or education / nature vs nurture).
Can CO2 be used in other products to reduce the greenhouse effect?
Can we create a substance with special chemical processes in which the holes in the atmosphere are filled again?
Why are girls better equipped to learn languages when boys have a better spatial understanding?
Is it possible to develop a specific product that can be thrown into the sea to dissolve or float all the plastic?
Why is not all plastic made from biodegradable material?
Why do girls seem to study more than boys?
Why do we generalize so often? Especially with regard to minority groups such as gay genders, homosexuals, ...
Why do we consider money / economic interests more important than the welfare of the planet / nature / animal welfare?
How can we solve the so-called 'waste islands' in the sea?
Can we make cars that do photosynthesis like plants and thus convert CO2 to O2?
Is racism fixed in our genes? Or is that taught?
How can policymakers use talents of new immigrants more effectively in social life, while respecting the personal development of these people?
Could we change our genes so that, for example, racism and discrimination disappear from the world? Is that ethical?
Can we ever develop super buses that bring people around the world or how will people ever move in a different responsible way?
How can we ensure that the Flemish mayors turn their cities into sustainable and intelligent cities?
Will human cloning become a reality in the future?
Can we make cars that don't need fuel?
Why are language tests used as an obstacle in the deployment (or integration, but that has become a dirty word) of talents of adult immigrants?
Can we introduce a limit on the number of children to contain the overpopulation or is this not ethically responsible?
Will vehicles be invented later that no longer lead to pollution / global warming?
How can our city really use the multilingualism that is there in a constructive manner in the public domain?
Why is it still spoken of as 'intermediate language', when this is simply the native language of most Flemish people?
How would the variation in the population be influenced in the future if we could really clone people in the future? Would we all choose to be white, smart, slim and blonde or something completely different?
What do we do with people who become unemployed by using robots?
Will eating crickets / insects be the future savior for our food shortage?
is there an end / limit to artificial intelligence?
How can we ensure that all Belgians become multilingual and master all national languages anyway?
Is it possible to apply centryfugal force in space if so what would be the maximum speed that the end of the revolving object can reach and could it possibly be used when launching rockets
Will more genetic engineering of crops be done later to combat food shortages?
How will the overuse of robots affect our society?
Can humans fall in love with robots?
Who dies first in food shortage?
How come most people can't resist eating meat even though we know there are other options?
Would people become cannibals if there were no other options in terms of food?
Will robots take the work of humans, resulting in high unemployment?
Could we bring people / animals back to life?
Is it justified to only breed animals for consumption?
What would happen to the world population if there were no more food shortages?
What would have happened if no meteorite had hit and the dinosaurs are still alive?
Could we live next to the dinosaurs? How would that be? How would we control them?
Can later species arise that look at us as we now look at dinosaurs (as dangerous creatures that are now extinct)?
If there were any dinosaurs, who would dominate? The dinosaurs or man?
Can unhealthy food be made healthy?
Can we talk to animals?
Can we be forced to eat healthy?
can usable water run out faster than we think? what then?
Does a meal get healthier if you eat something healthy with something unhealthy?
Which animals have the highest intelligence?
How can we measure intelligence in animals?
Does evaporating salt water cost a lot of energy?
When is eating healthy? What is the definition of healthy eating?
Are animals worth more than humans?
Will we determine what we eat in the future?
Can we recycle salt water into something useful?
Can we easily convert salt water into drinking water? is that realistic / affordable?
Is there a way to breathe as a human underwater?
can our oxygen (to breathe) ever run out?
How can we ensure that everyone in the world is provided with clean drinking water?
Is the big bang theory correct?
How can oxygen be extracted from water?
How is it that there is still so much food waste and so few solutions to it?
How can we ensure that the 3rd world countries are at the same level of technology as the Western countries?
Can we put more oxygen in water to store oxygen there?
Can we survive underwater?
Should we keep increasing our standard of living? What is a good standard of living?
How can we scientifically demonstrate what was before the big bang?
How is it that there is still hunger in the world when there is so much food waste? How do we solve that?
What is / are the cause (s) of the big bang?
Should we all lower our standard of living so that everyone can have the same standard of living? How can we lower our living standards? Shouldn't the government intervene?
Why doesn't the VAR work well when there is so much technology available to measure offside?
What is the function of sport in our society?
How can robotization be dealt with in the future?
Why are so many people concerned with football?
Should sport become compulsory?
Why is the woman always viewed as an inferior athlete compared to the man?
Who is God?
What is the purpose of our existence, surviving outside and preserving our species (reproduction)?
Should the government give more subsidies to promote even more sport?
Why is there so little progress in poorer countries when we have everything in abundance (food, medication, ...)?
How can illegal dumping of waste be avoided?
Is there not enough political unity (globally then) to help third world countries or are the capacities not there?
How can we better distribute food around the world?
Clothing is often manufactured in miserable conditions, but how do you see that as a consumer in the store? Because that is not always price related.
If the third world had the same standard as the rich countries, could the earth handle this question?
Will communism ever return?
How much longer will we work with money?
Do we ever go back to barter?
What are the solutions for plastic in the sea?
Is it realistic that all waste will be digested by micro-organisms in the future? (eg enzymes that break down plastic?
Should we redistribute between wealthy and poor countries? How?
Why did communism disappear?
What are the consequences of the lack of a good waste policy?
Will we ever get the microplastics out of our ecosystem again?
What is the meaning of life?
Will the ocean ever be plastic-free again?
Should we come to one big religion?
is it possible to completely replace plastic with a biodegradable plastic?
What is the use of religions / religions?
How can we efficiently dispose of waste without additional pollution?
Is there still enough attention in our society for the meaning of life?
Can atheists live better together than believers?
Will new world religions emerge?
How do we avoid war?
How do we ensure that all religions can live peacefully together?
Are wars needed to reduce the population?
Why do some people get nauseated in the back of the bus faster?
Why is there so much lime in our water. In neighboring countries, citizens are served with softer water and bargain for a better price.
There is spring, there are the basses of events, sometimes many kilometers away. Events are fine, but would they get more or less visitors if there was no music or if that music was (much) less loud?
Democracy is sometimes described as the least bad form of society. It is often put on a par with capitalism. But do (successful) democracies exist without capitalism?
Some cat litter is made from bentonite. Can you use that in the garden after removing the feces?
What would the world look like if money had not been invented? Could we have reached the same technological level without money? Same life expectancy? Have as much poverty? Being able to wage on this scale? ...
Why do vegetables grown in the ground taste different than those from hydroponics? In terms of nutritional value, are they really equivalent?
How can fungi spread at lightning speed?
how did malaria develop
how does earwax develop?
how does a malaria mosquito get malaria
why an egg hardens when you cook it
What would the standard model look like if anti-gravity existed, eg anti-particles repel everything or anti-particles repel normal particles and attract each other?
Would it be possible to run cars on wind energy in the future?
Suppose we make a big tunnel right through the middle of the earth. Would you then float by gravity in the middle of the tunnel?
Is it possible to completely change the education system so that everyone can learn based on their individual needs?
Will we ever be able to dive without a bottle and possibly (temporarily) enjoy the wonderful underwater world like a fish?
How is it that man is so alienated from his natural freedom when any animal would do anything to defend his freedom?
Will we as ordinary citizens ever be able to travel to space?
Is there standard nicotine in tobacco or is it the result of a chemical reaction
How come I had no problems with rollercoasters, spin mills, trampolines, bouncy castles, handstands, ... as a child, and now, as an adult, I almost feel nauseous just by looking at it?
Most scientists say that sexual orientation is genetic. Isn't this one of the very first things that would be filtered out by evolution?
Why are the keys of a piano white and black? And why not blue and green or something? (Helena, 10 years old)
Why do animals have colors?
How smart are octopuses?
We want to be forced into electric cars and condemn people who drive diesel cars. But on the other hand, you hear that modern diesel engines are cleaner than petrol and that nuclear power stations must remain open to have enough power. What is right now?
Can we freeze people and thaw them back in the future?
Can they invent something that makes life easier?
Can they make people fly or make them invisible?
How can we eliminate war and violence from the world?
How can plants and animals produce poison? (Mayte, age 11)
Why are the plants green?
Can you combine animals?
Why is the bark of a tree brown?
How can we ensure that inequality and the poverty rate in Belgium decrease?
How can you scientifically extend life? Are there scientific methods to stop the aging process?
Does it make sense to keep the dt rule if so many mistakes are made against it?
When will they make electric planes?
Why can't you fall asleep while worrying?
Why is one person more agile than another and one can handle loud music and the other cannot?
Can we use anti-matter for energy?
How can we ensure that the screen no longer affects your eyes?
How come you weigh more or less on some planets?
What is the most harmful type of light on a screen and why?
If anti-matter is the opposite of matter, what is the opposite of our globe and what is the connection with anti-matter?
Does a team sport such as volleyball stimulate your social skills?
Can light also improve eyes instead of deteriorate?
Can people build a machine that converts CO2 into oxygen?
How come new species of frogs are discovered every year?
Do young people today have bad eyes from exposure to harmful light from screens?
Can man ever undo all pollution?
How can we convince everyone of a reduction in CO2 on Earth?
How come some people have a talent for dancing and others don't?
Could nature solve the pollution itself if we help, eg. by planting a specific species that converts oxygen more and faster in large quantities?
Are there any animals that dance and why?
Does dancing have a certain function or is it just relaxation / entertainment?
Can sports calm you down?
Can music save the world, bring peace?
How can exercising make you feel happy?
What music vibrations make people happy?
Can regular exercise stimulate the brain to function properly?
How do you discover a talent?
How does too much exercise affect your brain?
Can deaf people also have a talent for music?
Can we ensure that through music we activate certain things that can cure diseases?
Can you still be in good condition without exercising?
Can man ever replace a human muscle with that of a cheetah so we can run faster?
How come the sounds of an instrument sound different from a speaker?
How do you get as fast as Bolt?
Do the sounds of an instrument affect our heart rhythm?
Can music push human boundaries?
Why do some people have social deficiencies and others not?
Why do we like music?
Is it because we are more on mobile phones, computers and social media, that we become more antisocial, to avoid contact with our fellow human beings?
Can music help you study, such as concentration?
Do people need social contact?
Can music serve as therapy to deal with trauma, for example?
Can you predict whether someone can have a "good" day in sports?
How is it that school is so exhausting?
How will the computer, the mobile phone, positively and negatively affect our brain?
Will the school continue to exist as it is now: will there be more focus on computer and IT instead of religion, Dutch. Shouldn't we be learning new languages for the computer?
Has our mobile phone, PC, already affected our brain and how?
Why are teachers allowed to leave school with a burnout and students not?
How is it that our muscles 'remember' things, that some actions are easier after exercise?
Which sport is more popular and why?
Why does school say what to learn and not how to learn?
How does Bouldering affect the body?
How are we going to solve the energy issue in concrete terms? Will global warming be limited to 5 degrees, or have the past few generations permanently destroyed the earth?
How is it that so little is known about autism?
Is it possible to put all our radioactive waste in a rocket and send it to the sun?
Is there still evolution now that successful and less successful people have the same number of children through social security.
Is autism different in a man than in a woman?
Is it possible that people predict what you are going to say via machine learning? (Laurenz, age 14)
Are robots going to take over the world?
Can autism in the embryonic stage be genetically determined?
Can they develop an app that helps you make decisions?
How can you make a football even more perfect and resilient?
How can you influence the kicking distance / movement of the ball in football with certain physical components of the body?
Why is art beautiful?
How can you design a football even better so that it flies further and at the same time does not hit the body hard?
How come sea levels rise when the ice caps - which I think are mostly submerged and have a larger volume than water - melt?
Why don't we let landscape architects or artists design the villages, roads, lampposts etc.?
Why is art always so expensive, because if I make something it will never cost so much money?
What determines whether you like something or not?
Is there anything for ADHD outside of relatin and equazine?
How can we help the animals of the circus more animal friendly?
In which part of the brain is ADHD located?
How come some people are so handy that they can do tricks on a trapezoid and others are so clumsy?
How can you influence the characteristics of ADHD in such a way that it mainly becomes a positive characteristic?
How many pixels does our eye see
Is healthcare in Flanders ready for an unexpectedly difficult-to-treat virus?
What should we teach our children?
Should Europe keep its doors open to migrants?
What does the rise of Donald Trump actually mean?
Can we free ourselves from the power of big business or big capital? If so, how? If not, why not and what then?
Why do politicians find it so difficult to make decisions that are so obvious to any sensible person?
A can of soda from a warm environment cools faster in the freezer than a similar can from the refrigerator. Why is that? In both cases, how much energy is needed to cool the soft drink to the same temperature?
Do people who shoot themselves in the head still hear the shot?
How long should it be before men and women receive fair wages?
Isn't it time to start transport from scratch?
How many deaths is too much?
All people are unique. If you want to give them all equal opportunities, where do you put the limit, because after a while the opportunities become duties?
Why don't we get energy from cow farts?
Can anyone hypnotize people?
How can ensure that no child will be hungry anymore.
Telomeres are located at the end of the chromosomes and among other things determine the age of a person. Extending telomeres in a lab can extend a person's age?
How come 2018 the world seems to be less democratic? Is there a link with the increasing number of nations that seem to renounce globalization and fall back on themselves?
Why is Lady Justice a woman and when people are prescribed medicines with a dose per day, does this mean per 24 hours or per day (eg Monday)?
Does a theater performance make us happier than money?
Are smartphones making us dumber?
Does culture divide or bind us?
Can our children play outside later?
How can culture combat loneliness?
Does our fantasy expand or limit our fantasy?
Do you have to be rich to love opera?
Is creativity innate?
How do we arm ourselves against fake news?
What is the effect of cultural practice on health?
Can robots make art?
What does digital development do with our cultural experience? Are our emotions more intense or just flatter? What about the social component? What added value does our cultural infrastructure offer in the experience?
Can men really only do one thing at a time?
What would the world look like without lies?
Can we manipulate time?
What would our society look like without volunteers?
Why do we bite our nails?
Why do some songs stay in our heads?
Does an image really say more than 1000 words?
Will we soon be superfluous as humans?
In an artificial intelligence era, what makes a person still a person and what is it, "being human"?
What effect will artificial intelligence have on democracy?
What is the function of culture in a society where A.I. at the service of society? What will be the ordering principles of society and how can we work towards the ideal of AI that serves a better life for everyone?
Are we still traveling to learn and develop as artists and scientists used to do, or are we just traveling to recover from our busy lives and just set our thoughts to zero?
How do you define your community / society in an increasingly globalizing and super diverse context and how do you deal with this? What else is common on which we can build our society and how can we take that as a starting point?
What are the criteria that determine whether someone is considered inside or outside society? How do these evolve?
How do you engage in community building in a super diverse context?
What role does culture play as a pull factor in globalization compared to the economy?
Why is Rembrandt universally recognized? Is this really the case? Is there anything possible like a universal canon?
What will be in a museum in the future? Or can we also view works of art in our home in 3D in the form of holograms?
Is digitization and storage on large servers sustainable?
What is the next step after digitization? We are now digitizing en masse and this is being tracked on huge servers, but what is the difference with an unread library if we don't have time to process everything?
What is the impact of contact with “beauty” on development?
Why do we now often build purely functional buildings, where former station, post, school buildings are often artistic pearls? How can you bring beauty back into the spatial environment? What place does beauty still have in society?
How and within what period does science want to tackle the problem of overcrowding?
How do you become a cultural, creative, sporty being? Why is this not included in current education? How do you as a society ensure that children can develop culturally, creatively and sportively?
How long will the difference between Dutch and Flemish still exist? How is this influenced by the media?
How long will newspapers last?
What is personally important for? Does association life have a role in this?
Is there an evolution towards more individual (culture) experience versus experience in group?
Are kids getting dumber and what does being stupid mean? How come?
What makes children play outside less now? Is it safer? Do they feel less like it?
Which factors determine that a child will become interested in art practice and will do so?
What is "good" art?
What makes art successful in the world?
What are the factors that have contributed to Flemish art being among the best in the world?
How long does a media hype last? What are the dangers?
When people experience art (in any form), it affects the brain. Is that also the case with animals? In other words, do animals have an eye for aesthetics?
Where are you most creative, in the city or in the countryside?
Will there ever be a division between biological age and mental age so that I can still fall under the target group 'youth' in my forties?
Is it genetically determined whether there is a chromosome / gene (s) in our DNA that can indicate that someone is creatively gifted. Are there possibly multiple combinations of genes / chromosomes needed for someone to make it as an artist?
When you return to a place from your childhood (eg a school) as an adult, that space suddenly seems much smaller than it used to be. How is this difference in perception
Do you have to be “young at heart” to grow old?
Is the choice of a musical instrument character related?
What works most relaxing after a working day: an hour of sports or an hour of culture?
Why is it not possible to bridge the coronary arteries through the veins themselves?
Why are flammable gases used as aerosol propellants?
When a fire is reported on the news, it often follows that the smoke is not toxic. Isn't smoke always poisonous? If no, when is smoke 'toxic' and when not?
Should we do so much research about the universe?
Are male surgeons better than female?
Should we not consider abortion before the child is born in disabilities?
To what extent do you let a person with a disability decide about possible euthanasia?
Is it ethical to kill people with a bomb if they don't realize it themselves?
What happens in the minds of people with suicidal tendencies?
How can we avoid depression in people? How can we ensure prevention?
What exactly happens with a behavioral addiction? Physically and mentally?
What actions should individuals, companies, governments take to reduce waste in the oceans and seas?
How can we make our youth resistant to mental illnesses such as psychosis?
Are electric cars really better, or are they just a step in the search for environmentally friendly cars?
Why is traffic in Flanders so little used with "the green electricity"?
Can science propose and elaborate viable and viable alternatives so that there really is an environmentally friendly choice for people regarding mobility Ann S. (52 j)
How come there are still so few environmentally friendly alternatives in terms of food packaging? Liesbeth DG (38)
How can the mindset of the population be influenced so that they opt for more sustainable solutions and a more sustainable society in many areas? David B. (42 y)
Can an appliance or machine be devised to remove the polluting plastic from the oceans? Peter DP (33 y.)
Who is responsible for deontological responsibility when something goes wrong with Artificial Intelligence? Peter DP (33 y.)
Why does a person have 2 lungs and 2 kidneys, but only 1 heart and 1 liver?
How can biodiversity in Flanders be improved again? Nathan B. (26 y)
How can we make people more social again on the train, so that they are not always on their mobile phone?
Is playing games good for us?
Can we colonize Mars?
How does bark form?
Are cell phones dangerous to get cancer?
How do we stop the world from ending?
What are the scientifically proven benefits of breastfeeding for mother and child? Kristin H. (29 J.)
Is the standard model complete?
How do we deal with human capital in further digitization? Noël V. (61 y?)
Can the future be even better? Could man predict the future?
What is the state and trend of insect biodiversity in Flanders, and what are the consequences of a possible decline for ecosystems and society?
Can your mobile phone really explode if you charge it and work on it at the same time?
Are new species for science still often found in Flanders?
When you comb your hair it becomes electric and poufy, how can I get rid of that?
How much does my shadow weigh?
Why are biodegradable plastics no longer commonly used? Lobke K. (36 y.)
How does a vegetarian diet affect our health?
How can we introduce basic incomes into our society?
How can one scientifically explain a déjà-vu effect?
Why is the grass greener across the street?
Can an objective scientific method be devised to measure the area of real forest in Flanders? L.H. (55 y.)
How can we stop / slow cancer metastasis?
Can you objectively determine the long-term cost of integration in society? L.H. (55 y.)
What is the direct and indirect impact of nitrogen deposition on the insect fauna in agricultural areas and beyond?
What alternative way to treat (suppress) neurological diseases (symptoms) are not allowed in Belgium and why?
How is it possible that a spacecraft can move in space where there is no other matter? Gunter DS (58 y.)
How do we ensure that the symptoms of dementia are limited / disappear?
How can we make the city of Brussels cleaner and limit waste?
How can we improve the standard of living of the entire world population?
How can we raise people's awareness and raise awareness about the immovable heritage? Daan D. (28 y.)
Why are more and more people suffering from cancer?
What role can gardens (urban and suburban green space) play in maintaining insect fauna?
How do we combat poverty? How do we end poverty?
Why Can't We Cure Cancer Today?
Is it true that fasting has a healing effect on cancer?
How can we approach the challenge of aging in an interdisciplinary way so that the result can be called sustainable in many areas in the long term (economic, housing, mobility, education, etc.)? Khadija AZ (39 y.)
What is the effect of long-term marijuana use on the brain / memory?
Are there any treatments for fibromyalgia?
How come some people can live unhealthy and never develop serious diseases and others live healthy and suddenly develop cancer, for example? Gwendolyn M. (27 y.)
What long-term effect does digitization have on humans?
Are there differences in insect biodiversity between nature and agricultural areas? And is there an impact on ecosystem services?
How can we find a solution against chronic back pain?
Can science find out which factors in how we live have a determining influence on our health? Gwendolyn M. (27 y.)
How can we accelerate the transition to green energy?
What role does insect fauna play in the functioning of ecosystems in Flanders, and does that of insect fauna differ in tropical ecosystems?
How can AIDS be cured?
What about research into neurodegenerative diseases?
Are there any treatments for fibromyalgia?
Can Cancer Become a Chronic Illness With Which We Can Keep Living Instead of a Fatal Disease? Jan D (35 y.)
Can the effects / consequences of Parkinson's be kept to a minimum?
How can differences in biodiversity between temperate regions and the tropics be explained, and does man play a role in this?
Why do we wake up at the same time (biorhythm)?
Could one increase the cost of traffic jams (lost capacity) by investing to avoid traffic jams? Lien E (23 y.)
Which came first, the chicken or the egg?
How will they solve the traffic jam problem in Antwerp in the city center and on the highway? Zen V (26 y.)
What do we do if bacteria become resistant to antibiotics?
How and when would it be possible to colonize another planet? Dominique S (27 y.)
What role does traditional taxonomy play in current biological research, and what expertise does Belgium have (or what are the biggest gaps in expertise)?
Is there any scientific proof whether coffee is healthy or unhealthy for the human body? Pol V (47 y.)
Can the increased gay evolution be a natural evolution to combat overpopulation or is it due to increasing acceptance?
Will there ever be a simple (blood) test to detect fertility problems?
Does the boxwood moth have natural enemies?
Is there a possibility to change the maximum amount of the survivor's pension, so that there can be another trade-off and you can work more because there is employment? Ingrid J (55 y.)
How do we solve parental alienation (PAS syndrome)?
Why do you have tickles in one place and not in others?
How can I make crystals myself?
Are there scientific solutions to the acidity of the ocean? Sabrina P (37 y.)
How do we increase mobility in Europe and international mobility in an ecological way? Michael VM (25 y.)
Would people become more aware of the debt problem, should this be more publicized? Gert D (43 y.)
What is the reason that the creation of money happens with something negative (debt) and not with something positive (such as renewable energy)? Gert D (43 y.)
How can we deal with an increasing number of cyclists? Ellen VC (29 y.)
Why do bicycles make noise when you are not cycling? Monique DS (54 y.)
Is it not possible to develop an economic model based mainly on sustainability and contributing to the well-being of the planet (and humans) and less / not on profit?
How can we increase cycling comfort in Belgium with the increasing number of cyclists? Ellen VC (29 y.)
Should humans die out tomorrow, to what extent can we assume that monkeys will evolve into humanoids again? Levi D (25 y.)
Would it be possible to insert chlorophyll in humans and animals so that we release oxygen at night against climate change? Veerle B (41 y.)
Can a sustainable pest control agent be developed?
Could making research data available to the public stimulate scientific research? Peter D (33 y.)
Could we gain more insight into the climate if the RMI makes all weather data publicly available? Peter D (33 y.)
How can we achieve the sustainability of the food? Dominique P (46 y.)
How can we better adjust the opening of bridges for boats to busy traffic times to avoid traffic jams? Marleen H (52 y.)
What is the reason and purpose of a lot of diversity within the low emission zones in Flanders? Jurgen V (44 y.)
What is the relationship between the efforts of the low emission zones and the efforts of the port? Jurgen V (44 y.)
How can we make green energy more accessible to people so that it becomes 'normal'? Betul A (23 y.)
How can we ever travel without internal combustion engines? Bart N (45 y.)
In the future, can we ethically determine human reproduction so as not to suffer from genetic errors? Levi D (24 y.)
How could we reduce the world's population? Frederik DP (46 y.)
How can we ensure that there is WiFi everywhere for accessibility? Stijn DN (28 y.)
Why does everyone see the same color differently?
Why do men have nipples?
Why do we experience stress?
Does our zodiac sign effectively affect our life course?
Why can we swim but not fly?
Do animals sometimes commit suicide?
Why do animals see black and white?
Why do we judge others?
How does lightning occur?
Can animals dream?
Why do some people have pimples?
How come some people don't have wisdom teeth?
What makes some substances addictive?
Why can't I sleep so well?
What can we do about unpleasant brain disorders in which too few people die for further research?
How do you wash dye from clothes?
How will we live in the future if there are no affordable homes for the youth?
What are pollen and how can you be allergic to it?
How does lava form?
Why can hay catch fire when it has just been pressed?
How is it that people can fall in love?
How come colors exist?
What was first, chicken or the egg?
How big is a rainbow?
Where does a rainbow end?
How come some people can fall in love with the same sex?
Why are frogs green?
Can a person become pregnant with an animal?
Can animals talk to each other?
Can you get dumber by dealing with stupid people?
Why do dogs drool?
Do LGBs Have Real Radar?
Can you tan through a window?
How can we guarantee the food supply without pesticides?
What is a bump on your head?
Do aliens really exist?
Are squids from another planet?
Why are bananas curved?
How can we help people get rid of hay fever? Jimmy DP (38 y.)
Why do hangovers differ due to what you drank?
Are you deaf if you don't have ears?
How come the sky is blue?
Will there be scientific research into non-commercial approaches to solutions for unknown diseases? Fee V (58 y.)
Will they ever clone or is this always forbidden?
Will a tailbone ever disappear?
Has scientific research been conducted on the genetic determination of homosexuality? Femke V (24 y.)
How come a brick is called a brick?
How come cats can't walk on two legs?
How do cavities form in your teeth?
How can you optimally produce happiness hormones to combat depression? Larissa C (26 y.)
How come gifted people often have concentration problems?
Is there a solution to hay fever that does not suppress the symptoms, but is addressing the problem itself? Lien E (23 y.)
Why do women have pain during menstruation?
How come some people are 'smart' and others 'stupid'?
How come we burn from the sun?
Will there ever be a new ice age?
Can we go to another planet?
Can people raise from the dead?
How come your ears and nose don't stop growing?
How come we change teeth?
How come a personality can change after a coma?
How is it that hair changes after chemo?
Why are we yawning?
How can we meet our energy needs in a sustainable way in the future? Sander F (35 y.)
Why do we dream?
Do all female animals also have a menstrual period?
How come there is gravity?
How come there are both men and women?
How is life getting more expensive?
How can you keep food longer?
What do scientists from here and elsewhere have as a solution to the environmental problem? Ingrid S (49 y.)
I.v.m. the debate whether or not to proceed to the nuclear exit, I wonder whether investments could be made for nuclear power plants with nuclear fusion. Major progress has been reported in nuclear fusion.
When can we rejuvenate? Matthias L (27 y.)
How can we make the intersections safer for cyclists? Peter D (41 y.)
Is it possible to answer objectively the question "How can a man like Trump rise to power"?
How can you let industry live well with society and the environment? Piet V (52 y.)
How can we solve the mobility problem in Flanders? Kobe V (29 y.)
How can we improve air quality? Robin M (40 y.)
How will our body adapt to new habits?
How can we get car tires and car brakes low in particulate matter?
Why don't we abolish speed limits, traffic is still hopelessly messed up?
Is slaughter without anesthesia more painful for an animal than slaughter with stunning?
How can we optimize bicycle mobility at the station in Ghent? Hannelore E (44 y.)
What is the reason that not all plastic is allowed in the PMD bag and in the pink, so that there is almost no more recyclable plastic? Bea W (35 y.)
A baby that would be born on the moon and rowed up there would this person grow bigger than normal people? Because of the difference in gravity ...
Why is public transport more expensive than cars if they actually want to encourage people to use public transport more? Anne V (35 y.)
How is it that people give animals little respect?
How can we solve the traffic jam problem so that you don't have to do an hour and a half over 20 kilometers? Bernadette DV (51 y.)
How can we use the high-dimensional data available with modern molecular techniques to better classify diseases?
How are we going to use robotics for the disabled? Bert VK (51 y.)
How do we make the internet of things safe? Bert VK (51 y.)
How do we secure our identity on the internet? Bert VK (51 y.)
How can you deal ethically with electronics and robotics that give people a superior quality? Bert VK (51 y.)
How can we ensure and guarantee safety in your own home or on the road in the future? Shani VK (31 y.)
Which substances and reactions happen in our body during meditation and self control?
How is it possible that comparable scientific studies have different, sometimes even contradictory results? Dear VDC (49 y.)
How can psychology and insight into people be passed on to people and children as early as possible? Jan P (49 y.)
Are 20 min lesson times not better than 50 min lesson times in secondary education?
Would the efficiency increase if students were allowed to work standing at a bar table with a PC?
Do insects know that there are spider webs?
Why do we love music in general and what does it do to a person and why does it feel good? Luc DC (59 y.)
How did life originate from organic materials? Luc DC (59 y.)
Diatoms or diatoms use sunlight to absorb energy, but do they use their silicon skeleton to act as a solar panel? Luc DC (59 y.)
Is time a dimension, or is it an invention of man? Alain W (54 y.)
If they want to use more public transport for the environment, why don't the trains run on time and is it so expensive? Emily A (26 y.)
The noise from ships at sea would interfere with fish communication. Can “anti-noise” be applied to reduce city noise and traffic noise, for example?
Who will take care of me later in view of the aging population? Isabelle J (44 y.)
When can we do without nuclear energy completely?
With the abolition of nuclear power stations and with the windmill parquet that is not yet fully functioning, how can the fleet be driven entirely electrically from 2030? Eva B (35 y.)
What is outside of space? Kris C (63 y.)
Can flying cars solve the mobility problem? Martin B (52 y.)
What actions can we take as an individual to combat the loss of biodiversity? Stien SH (33y.)
At what point in the future will there be no more races? Kristien S (31 y.)
Is there scientific research or whether puberty occurs in the same way in all cultures? Joke K (40 y.)
Why are children so attracted to Studio 100's programs and products?
How can we prevent relapse in cancer patients?
Can you induce goodness / infatuation / tolerance in humans with medication?
Why should you not touch old parquet with water and keep your new parquet moist?
Is there a reason why a miscarriage often follows after a first pregnancy or is this a misconception?
Is it ethical to deny donor children the identity of their biological father?
Can science stimulate the brain to do good?
When I am a little older, will there still be enough money for pensions, elderly care, ...?
How do you stop Trump and other self-centered and money-seeking politicians, CEOs, ...?
Will our children or the generation after them still be able to build a house or will they all have to live in an apartment?
When children whine / cry / ... it works on 'our system' (saying). Is that really the case? What are the physiological consequences (heartbeat, blood pressure, ...) of a child that shows such behavior for (non) parents? Depending on gender?
How will the impact of social media and related technological developments on social relations, the political system and people-to-people relations evolve?
To what extent can you intervene in the genetic code to limit living standards and health (future)?
How can we ensure in a sustainable way with respect for nature that after our generation there is still enough resources / food / ... for everyone?
How do we solve overcrowding?
When will there be one overarching theory between ordinary Newtonian (gravitational) physics and quantum physics?
How can I keep my lawn free of weeds without much effort?
How long does the Church in our scientifically accepted society continue to apply cognitive dissonance tricks?
Is democracy the signature of mediocrity?
How can we control applications such as Facebook?
Can science / medicine help to improve / solve climate / healthy environment? Or does it do the opposite?
Will the earth continue to rotate or will it suddenly stop?
How can the finite nature of natural resources be captured?
How skewed are the proportions of fresh basic food and additives (eg preservatives) in food products?
Is there no way in which supply and demand in (special) education can be better monitored?
What are the factors that influence motivation?
Why is the grass greener across the street?
What about sexualization in the story?
Doesn't the right to know your donor father (roots) take precedence over a wish for children?
How come cilantro tastes like soap to some people?
How can we improve accessibility for visually impaired and blind people?
How can we make people over 60 work decent in their age up to the age of 66?
How come people prefer a certain color and dislike a different color?
How do you prevent a religion from radicalizing (leading to conflicts)?
How long will the earth be able to produce enough food for the ever growing population? What is / are the solution (s) for this?
How can we travel sustainably and within a reasonable period of time (ie without taking an airplane) for a family visit, for example?
Is local consumption a threat to the free market for ecological reasons (ecological protectionism)?
Do we survive climate change?
Will there ever be general world peace?
Is traveling at the speed of light as a person theoretically possible?
What do we actually objectively know about the factors that have an impact on global warming? Lien W. (52 y)
Are micro-plastics bad for your health?
How can you objectively compile a World Cup team?
How can we manage food production more sustainably worldwide so that there is less surpluses, shortages and inequality. Mathilde C. (23 y.)
What are the causes of an autoimmune disease?
How can science do more fundamental research that is useful for people and society without involving direct commercial interests? Willy V. (54 y.)
Why is it not possible to create a sequel of Terminator that scores as well as Terminator 1 and Terminator 2?
To what extent is dementia predictable (heredity)?
Will we still be free in the future? Isn't everything (health, hobbies, political beliefs, property, ...) going to be checked?
Can it be objectively mapped how efficiently and productively work is done somewhere? Rob V. (47 y.)
How can we get working people to be satisfied and to have a bright future?
Can science make concrete and pragmatic contributions to solving the problem of plastic recycling? Johan V. (59 y.)
When will Belgium win the Eurosong festival?
Why do we eat so many animals?
Why do cats run away?
Are there no ways to keep the freight traffic off the track?
Can science tell us objectively how we really stand with regard to the climate? Enzo S. (25 y.)
When will there be a vaccine / medicine that prevents warts?
What meaningful contribution can each person make individually to help better manage the issue of global warming? Enzo S. (23 y.)
How much can a person tolerate% alcohol in his body before permanent brain damage occurs? Willem V. (26 y.)
Which comprehensive guidelines can ensure that we create less waste and optimize recycling? Packaging-free shops?
When will we be able to time travel? Laurens DG (25 y.)
How does medicine deal with dignified aging?
How can we develop a better and cheaper treatment for cancer?
Can science measure the real impact of pesticides on biodiversity? Kim C. (45 y.)
How can we build a missile fast enough to reach the nearest solar system in a reasonable amount of time?
Are anonymous sperm donors still ethically responsible today?
What methods could enable an adult to master a new foreign language much faster? Glen VL (26 y.)
When will air quality in Flanders improve in such a way that many asthmatics can live normally?
Can science objectively map out the impact of how work is now organized on the loss of workers due to illness and stress? Jo V. (61 y.)
What is a weed?
Can we make access to the internet worldwide anywhere and at any time? Joris G. (30 y.)
How can Newtonian physics be linked to nature / biology?
How do we 'grow back' leading people with vision?
How can we find the optimal balance between mobility, quality of life and accessibility in our cities? Jolien S. (24 y.)
How do current insulation and ventilation requirements (construction sector) affect the indoor climate and diseases such as asthma?
What is the scientific basis for the selection criteria for candidates who are allowed to reproduce on another planet? Astrid K. (23 y.)
When do unnatural sources become affordable?
Can we adjust the organization of work / work in such a way that a better work-life balance is created? Sien VL (24 y.)
I always wondered why it must be up to the 2nd power in the formula E = mc². Can anyone refute this 2nd power as possibly incorrect?
What is the added value of food additives and how can the government better control their use?
How can we organize professional trips in a more ecological and sustainable way? Gerard VC (31 y)
The most important factor in choosing a religion is the environment (family) in which you grow up. What other factors can play a role in this choice or in changing religion?
Will medication be developed that can prevent dementia?
Why is it that despite the many efforts we are making, there are still no real breakthroughs in the treatment of diseases such as cancer and Alzheimer's? Edwin L. (54 y.)
Will there be a drug on the market in the future that can prevent all incurable diseases?
How do we solve the problem of plastic pollution in the oceans?
Wouldn't we be able to detect certain types of cancer much faster so that efficient and successful treatment is possible? Koen VL (46 y.)
How can we fight autoimmune diseases like MS or Huntington more efficiently? What is the share of heredity in these diseases?
What are viable alternatives to the biggest causes of air pollution in Flanders? Stephan C. (38 y.)
How can we encourage people to move sight differently?
Could an algorithm be developed so that trains in Belgium can run more frequently, more reliably and affordably? Jelle DK (32 y.)
How can we reduce the mountain of waste?
Can science find the most painless treatment for cancer? Annelien L. (29 y.)
How can we substantially reduce our mountain of waste? Joy D. (27 y.)
Does it make sense to try to extend human life in all circumstances? Jonas M. (27 y.)
Will treatment become available for FIP (corona virus) in cats in the short term? Linda C. (28 y.)
How can mobility in Brussels be organized in a more sustainable way so that all parties involved can relate to it? Fedor L. (35 y.)
How can we organize cross-regional transport as efficiently as possible? Michael L. (30 y.)
How can non-profit organizations gain more appreciation and support from the government? Laura L. (25 y.)
Can research be done to optimize certain administrative procedures? Anita B. (49 y.)
Can more and further scientific research be conducted into the causes, causes and treatment of incurable diseases? Annick V. (47 y.)
Can science help design a freezer that gives much less ice? Leen D. (44 y.)
Why do we like chocolate and other sweets so much? Stefanie G. (44 y.)
Has there ever been research into the possibility of creating a world without money .... Currency ... Exchange rate ... Exchange ... ie ... A world where everything would be free for everyone?
Are awareness campaigns against racism and other prejudices actually effective? Sophie F. (29 y.)
What is the influence of materials and activities that represent the diversity of children (dolls with different external characteristics, images in books, family shapes ...), on the view of diversity in small children?
Which energy source is used in England to generate electricity for the NemoLink to Belgium?
Why does cheese have a crust?
What is there after death?
How come glue, eyeglass and shaving cream become slime?
How do we know which parenting style is most successful in the profile of today's youth?
Why is there no air in the universe?
How do children experience the changing parenting styles of divorced parents and in newly composed families, when they switch parents when they switch parents?
How can I prevent flat batteries (mobile phone, PC, ...) without cables?
Will there ever be a teleportation machine?
How long has science existed?
Is 'separate parenting' a responsible way to deal with the children after a divorce?
How does air pressure work?
How can science investigate how we can make children resilient against bullying and racism, and how we can make children aware of the consequences of bullying and racism?
Why do we live when we die?
Can robots rule the world?
What happens when you go through a black hole?
Can we teleport material in the future?
Is it possible we can escape from a black hole in the future?
Are the dinosaurs coming back?
How big is the universe?
How come we sometimes have déjà vu?
How can we prevent and cure parasites such as malaria?
How come only people talk?
Can we go back in time?
Can there come a time when the globe can no longer "carry" us? That is, the mass that we as humans produce can at some point have an impact on our "course"? As far as I know, we are the only planet heavier than the rest.
Why can't we fly at the speed of light yet?
Why does the word "outside air" exist and "indoor air" does not exist? However, it is the indoor air that makes us sick.
Are there still enough workers to contribute to those who are not in work?
Will there be such a thing as property in the future?
Can children intuitively sense whether there is something wrong (mental or physical) with one of the two biological parents?
How can we protect our children from the negative effects of social media and the associated technological developments?
Is it possible in the future to 'tweak' people in such a way that they no longer get sick / grow old quickly?
What about the future of lab-grown meat?
How can we protect privacy?
If the Earth stops rotating, which planets should we move to?
Can different types of special education not be used more flexibly?
What is the difference between laziness and demotivation? How can / should you cure laziness?
Is it energy efficient to try to grow food in the desert?
Is a natural gas car more sustainable in the long term than an electric car powered by electricity from nuclear power plants?
What is the use of having to take all exams in a few weeks?
Can local consumption provide an answer to famine?
Is there a planet similar to Earth?
How far has science progressed with enzymes breaking down plastic?
How can you objectively measure the potential of a team (eg sprinters) on what they ultimately achieve in a race?
Stricter privacy rules are being introduced. How does this match with the controls?
How can unions communicate their message in an alternative non-disruptive way?
Why is cancer usually incurable today?
Why is someone allergic to cats?
How can we organize train traffic differently / more efficiently?
Can pots / storage boxes for food be produced from wood instead of plastic? (As there are already saucers, bowls are made of wood). Eg. Wooden sandwich boxes instead of plastic.
Is there a cure / medicine for cramps in newborn babies?
How far do people want to go with genetic cloning?
Can we go to another solar system through a black hole? If so, can we also return?
Will holography be used in everyday life in the future, such as at school or for calling?
Are certain forms of air pollution worse for men than women?
Can we make aircraft more environmentally friendly? Flying electrically?
What role can supermarkets play in waste reduction?
Are there still enough people who pay taxes to cover what, for example, fraudulent people do not pay?
What is the order of least polluting technology for transport, seen from a 'cradle-to-cradle' view: diesel, petrol, electric, gas, H2?
If children can sense initively whether there is something wrong (mental / physical) with their parents, is that only possible if there is a biological bond?
How will we limit the use of social media in the future?
Does the abundant use of social media have an impact on how people see themselves (pos. Or neg.) Or how they see others and society?
What is the critical 'evolutionary' limit at which man will self-destruct through overpopulation?
To what extent is research conducted into the disappearance of tens of thousands of swallows on their migration route to Europe?
How do you force large companies to comply with the privacy rules?
If we ever have to move to another planet, will that be possible for everyone?
How can education sufficiently differentiate at all levels?
Is there a difference between laziness in children, adults, men, women, ...?
How can we stop terrorism?
How can we ensure that the sea level does not rise?
If humans stopped eating meat, could the earth provide food to the growing population for longer?
Which foods are and which are not healthy?
Is it possible to travel long distances with electric cars?
Will humans cause all animal species to become extinct?
How can we safely destroy all chemical weapons?
Is the trend in which people provide their own food (bread machines, vegetable gardens, ...) a threat to the (local) farmers who have to be scaled back?
How can we make the different societies and religions function together?
Should outward signs of a religion be banned at school?
Will we be able to establish a permanent base on Mars within a few decades?
How can we save the polar bears from extinction?
As a president, can you just withdraw from a climate agreement? What are the consequences of this?
Was the impact we now experience reflected on the start of plastic production?
Will Islam conquer the world? Will Sharia become mandatory in Europe?
Why is there so much emotion around sports?
Can everything on the packaging of products be completely assumed to be 'correct' or are there 'short cuts' in the relevant legislation?
What happens to your personality when you know that your privacy is being violated and everything is being checked?
Which countries will suffer first from the rise in water levels? What can they do?
Would the world be a better place without religion?
How can we assure today's young people that they will not be the victims of the privileges of the current generation?
How can we get the Northern Canadians to live with polar bears so they don't get shot anymore?
Does man live healthier than before? (for example through the influence of commercials)
How long is the planet still livable?
How do we ensure that the planet remains viable for longer?
Should the government attach more importance to proper nutrition?
Should we use natural anti-oxidants in our diet instead of synthetic antioxidants?
How can we all live together in peace?
Should we go on a modern crusade to guard our Western identity?
Is synthetic worse than natural? Why?
Should there be stricter rules on the use of unhealthy substances in the food industry?
Will there ever be a new ice age?
Why are there still no equal rights between male / female and between white / black?
Why is the news that three Belgians have died but nothing about the hundreds in Africa / Middle East?
Shouldn't the consumer be better informed about the origin, health ... of everything in the diet?
Why can't the Middle East conflict be resolved?
Wouldn't there be better just one global "world faith"?
How likely is it that humans survive the following mass extinction?
Are we really with too many people in the world and what consequences will it have for humans; What will we have to do to keep the earth alive.
why are vegetables so cheap and meat so expensive?
How soon will we be able to temper climate change and how big will the damage already be?
What is behind a black hole?
Where do all those snails come from?
Does man want peace in the world?
When can we star in holographic films?
Is there still room for hobbies such as numismatics, philately, etc. or will certain sports (cycling, football, etc.) displace them?
Why does man strive for the utmost happiness?
Why are cats difficult eaters compared to dogs?
Can electrical appliances be made that are sustainable and last longer?
When will there be a conclusive allergy drug?
How can we take preventive action against problems that lead to 'unruly' behavior in some young people?
Does extraterrestrial life exist?
Are there also positive consequences for air pollution?
How can weak road users be better protected?
Why is waste collection and treatment organized regionally and not nationally?
How can we combat tax evasion by large companies?
Aren't we just living too long?
Can new open spaces (eg nature areas) be created in Flanders?
Who gets access to the genetic data of an increasing patient population that can be screened genetically? And for what purpose (medical, insurance, ...) do you get access to these data?
How can you survive a long space journey?
Is there a link between fear of failure and laziness in children, adults, ...?
What is the maximum capacity (number of inhabitants) of the earth?
Isn't electromagnetic propulsion travel more sustainable than current modes of transport with combustion engines?
Is 100% green energy possible?
On what scale must 'locally' be produced in order to meet the nutritional needs of Western society?
How is it that the air seems to vibrate near a heat source?
Is time travel (theoretically) possible?
Are electric cars (due to the battery, for example) more polluting than cars with a combustion engine?
Is it possible to completely ban plastic?
How can we motivate / satisfy people to work longer (well-being, incentives, health, ...)?
How do you collect microplastics from the oceans?
What if the Earth stops rotating? Does gravity then stop? Are we floating around?
Where does the ever-increasing number of depressions come from? How do we solve this structurally and not symptomatically?
Would it be possible to generate acceleration to the center by means of a circular movement and thus simulate gravity to build space stations?
What are the chances of a comet hitting me?
Is the theory of wormholes that can shorten the time distance scientifically provable?
How come there is gravity?
Why do aliens live in space?
Is an individual contribution to improving air quality useful or is this a drop on a hot plate?
How do we solve environmental pollution?
How did the Earth originate?
Is exercising in a busy street healthier or less healthy than not exercising in that street? Why?
How did time come about?
Are we ever going to be able to live on Mars?
Where are pensions in Belgium much lower than in neighboring countries?
Why are there no bones in your stomach?
Why is a flamingo standing on one leg?
How can the general public be motivated to deal responsibly and economically with nature in Flanders?
Where do all the stones come from?
What makes you smell a fart?
How come some farts stink and some don't?
Are there objections in scientific circles to explore Mars in light of the threatening presence of humans on Earth for the environment?
How do you solve air pollution?
How did they invent science?
What new organization of work and redistribution mechanisms should we provide in a society where robots take over work?
How does a vortex develop?
Are we currently moving in the right direction with regard to the environment or is it still deteriorating globally?
How do you make a mini rocket?
Can you fly (airless) in the universe with a helicopter?
How can we ensure a high standard of living for the entire world population without a catastrophic impact on earth and the environment?
How do you make a robot?
How do you dismantle a bomb?
Is there a replacement for sleep? (e.g. a pill)
Is it ethically responsible to make modifications to human DNA?
Does true love really exist?
Am I going to have a good pension later?
If we humans remove so much natural gas, why doesn't the earth collapse?
How does a fly get on the ceiling? How does a fly turn in its flight?
How can we break down plastic?
How can we easily generate energy?
Where does oxygen come from?
How did science originate and start?
Why are people different?
How do you know which row to choose at the checkout in the store, in a traffic jam, ...?
How do brains respond to positive and negative energies?
Why do you have to sleep?
Do you have to keep waiting for true love? Are virtual relationships the future?
If pensions will no longer suffice in the future, how will we as pensioners be able to finance everything?
Is it possible to ban cigarettes in a country?
Will the number of traffic jams decrease with self-driving vehicles?
How does the aging population affect the possibility of youth pension benefits?
Would it ever be possible to record dreams we have at night?
Will a self-driving car automatically select the shortest row in a traffic jam?
Can a child be born in 36 months?
What's the point of life?
How do we stop wars?
Do they have robots with the police? If so, for what?
Why is so much money collected for cancer and not for my disease (nephrogenic diabetes insipidus)?
How is hydrogen converted into energy (to power a car)?
How do we solve traffic jams?
Do blind people dream in images? If so, how is that possible?
How can we make trains run more punctually?
How can traffic be organized more safely for cyclists?
Why is our mouth on our head?
How fast does human hair grow?
How do we keep housing affordable?
How big could man become?
Why is pepper spicy?
Are we happier than before?
Why do you weep from onions?
Why were we monkeys first?
What is the impact of the congestion problem on the economy?
Why are bananas crooked?
How much money is worth money?
Would blind people (who see absolutely nothing) ever see again?
How much salt water can you drink?
Is licorice unhealthy?
How long will the earth last?
When will the world end?
Are there real Martians?
Is it still necessary later that the children go to school or are we going to know everything about the internet?
Are generation Y men / women more selfish than other generations?
Can a blind man later have a guide cat?
How did the first human originate?
Why do our pupils narrow when we see light?
What is quantum computing? How do we approach encryption after quantum computing?
Do apples rot after 30 days in the refrigerator?
Where is the boundary between man and machine?
Is there still life on another planet?
Is an electric car better for the environment than one running on petrol?
How do we solve the pollution?
Are our children still going to have clean water?
How to solve the pollution?
Why are there trees?
How can you get rid of hackers from your PC?
Will there ever be tolerance between different cultures / religions?
How can you get rid of hackers?
How can plastic be cleaned up in the oceans?
How can you make light?
Are our fish still living healthy?
Can dinosaurs live back?
Is it still possible to preserve a livable world for future generations?
Can you ever know everything? When do we know everything?
Can you become popular with dark skin?
Can you restore the ossal layer (ozone layer)?
How can you build or redo a road yourself?
Why are you shooting? (Why does a person get lost?)
Why do people and children die?
How can we facilitate working closer to home (or vice versa: moving closer to work)?
Why do people get hungry?
Why do some animals live longer than others?
Why are we curious?
Can robots take over the world?
Where does electricity come from?
Mother, why do we live?
How long can the earth move forward with all the heat inside the earth?
When is the Earth really overpopulated?
Is it true that the air pressure in a building is lower than outside during a storm? If so, why and how can you prevent it?
How can we stop global warming?
Could the rise of social media in China cause a crack in censorship policy in the future?
If you put mirrors directly opposite each other with nothing in between, what can you see in those mirrors?
How much food is thrown away in a nursing home on a weekly basis?
How can we change the often "bad" mentality of people on a large scale?
Why are there so many forms of 'string theory'
What would happen if there were 100 people in a bus and everyone jumped at the same time?
Why is it always so difficult to officially ban something like cigarettes, plastic bags, ...
Can we work with an adjusted working week of 5 days and 3 weekend days to reduce the number of burnouts?
When a car drives down a slope with cruise control at eg 90 km / h, what happens?
Can facial muscles be exercised?
Why is nothing being done about the blocus in Gaza and all over Palestine?
What determines that a woman will first have contractions during childbirth, whether or not her membranes break?
To what extent is research being done into the disappearance of tens of thousands of Swallows on their migration route to Europe? Is this being examined interdisciplinary by scientists and could possibly lead to help for the swallows and other migratory birds
The plastic and other waste in our oceans at the expense of marine life Our limitless abuse of groundwater, the level is systematically falling
Is it true that a tent leaks at the places where soap bubbles (from bubble bubbles, for example) touch the (cotton) tent canvas?
Will there ever be a vaccine against the Epstein-Barr virus? Preventive and curative.
How do we deal with specialization? Do we have an overview? Are we becoming completely dependent on artificial intelligence (AI)?
Shouldn't we change our way of living? If yes, how then?
What is the next step in human evolution?
What is the impact of the congestion problem on the environment?
Are men always more selfish than women? Or does this depend on the age / generation to which one belongs?
What are the dangers of quantum computing?
How far can you go in intertwining man and machine with each other? Is preserving a human brain the limit?
Electric cars are strongly promoted. But what about LPG cars, are they not a more environmentally friendly alternative and therefore worth promoting?
What specific impact will global warming have on Flanders?
Will there be more civil wars in the future than in the past?
Does the increasing amount of plastic in the oceans have a direct impact on our health?
Can IT save the developing world?
Can we still keep IT developments under control in the long term? Will only the happy few still understand what it is about?
If food can be produced by a 3D printer why is there still famine?
When will the government invest in water-powered cars?
When will the resources on earth run out?
Why does one person gain weight more than another? Why do metabolisms differ?
How can I best communicate with my cat?
How can we convince society that civil servants do useful work and are not just 'civil servants'?
We hear more and more about artificial intelligence (AI), but what will we do if AI abandons us, now and in the long term?
Will humanity remain the dominant life form on Earth?
What will we look like in 1,000 years?
What is the impact of the congestion problem on our spatial planning?
Can't put an Alzheimer's patient's DNA into a quantum computer to help unravel the disease?
What is the link between the speed of social change and relationships?
Is the computing power of quantum computing really 'infinite'?
How do we make citizens feel safe about their login details with 'new technology'?
Can the chromosomes with writing errors in older Alzheimer patients not be replaced by healthy chromosomes and the disease not cured by using the Crispr Cas 9 method?
Is car software still tampered with?
Will global warming make parts of the world disappear?
What will the education of the future look like?
How can we keep our watercourses clean?
Does technology and the internet spread knowledge more or less evenly?
Does 'the machine' solve famine?
Can we make 'raw materials' artificial?
How does your gut flora affect your metabolism and weight?
Can you unlearn a cat to catch mice?
Which is the best methodology for realizing information campaigns with effect?
If artificial intelligence tries to copy the human brain, can it get smarter?
When does the Earth stop spinning?
Can we ever go to another planet?
Are there any differences in selfishness between men and women of generation Z?
Why should citizens feel safe?
Why should you review your euthanasia plan every three months?
How much would the 'six million man' cost today?
Will there be a battery that can store the energy of solar panels?
Is the user of solar panels punished for taking care of the environment (paying more taxes)?
Will global warming be stopped?
What do we do about all that plastic in the sea?
Will we succeed in creating a truly peaceful multicultural society?
What will we be able to eat in the future? Meat? Fish?
Is vegetarian food better for the environment?
How do we make our seas (and fish) plastic-free?
How can we focus on aquaculture without antibiotics?
What will be done to protect Belgian coastal fisheries (ships <70BT and <300hp)? How to maintain the ships and sailing areas? Current ships are very old.
Can knowledge about the ecological past help in the climate debate today?
How did climate change affect society in the past?
How do we ensure better integration of all sections of the population into our society?
Why not a new investigation into 'Versailles 1919'?
Will it be possible to prevent (predict) a major solar storm?
What are the strongest materials on Earth / in the Universe?
Will it ever be possible to read a person's thoughts and transfer thoughts from one person to another?
What is and how does gravity work?
How are we going to combine the theory of relativity with the quantum theory?
Are scientists often alone?
Is practicing science dangerous work?
Will we ever be able to predict cancer from birth?
Is there anything you can do about all the waste in the sea?
How can we save the polar bears that are now threatened to disappear at the North Pole?
How can we ensure that the air is less polluted?
How come bats can hang upside down?
Can we help prevent sea pollution?
When do you invent insulin patches that can help with diabetes?
Are there any negative effects to be observed on the organisms that are being studied by scientists?
Is the knowledge of science finite?
Why is there no vaccine for Lyme disease?
Shouldn't there ever be a brake on the evolution of science?
How can green energy be used optimally?
Does science have limits?
Are robots a danger?
What will science look like in 100 years?
What is the influence of waste in the sea?
Is fusion a practical way of generating energy?
Why do we dislike high school?
Will science lead to or stop the world's demise?
When is a hair growth product invented?
How can you improve the Flemish football fields?
How can you make plastic as ecological as possible? Replace with other materials?
Does an image really say more than a thousand words?
Will artificial intelligence take over our lives?
How come people grow differently?
If we follow Darwin's theory of evolution, what does man look like in the future?
What is the influence of sport on the body?
Is a black hole near our solar system possible?
In a world of global networks, will artificial intelligence ever emerge as a 'hive mind' (The Borg)? Can people then be added to this?
When do we fly to Mars?
When do the flying cars come?
What is the ideal composition of a 'survival group' in an 'end-of-the-world' scenario?
Do we ever make a second globe ourselves?
How does life expectancy change?
To what extent has man been creative in the past with discovering new raw materials / the disappearance of raw materials? Can we learn from that?
Doesn't fat and healthy exist? Is it better to be thin and unhappy?
What effect does smoking have on sports?
What effect does our environment have on us?
Does the lack of potable water have a negative impact on the evolution of obesity?
How big do you get?
How can you make water use as circular as possible in your own home?
What are genomics?
How can one combat aging?
What is the impact of domestic / outdoor cats and, by extension, all animals on biodiversity?
How did the bacteria evolve?
What is in beer?
How can you give 'officials' a hip and cool image?
When will there be a cure for cancer?
What will be done if we are in this world with too much?
Shouldn't pet owners take out health insurance for their pets?
What is the influence of how you feel on your performance?
Is the officer a dying breed?
What is the influence of the smartphone? Of the technology?
Do the birds suffer from the greenhouse effect?
Do many animals die from marine pollution / oil?
To what extent are / will genetically modified food products be harmful to our health?
Is it possible to produce electric boats?
Can all cat diseases, etc., pass to humans through genetic engineering?
Can we stop global warming?
Shouldn't there be an EU standard for a DC low voltage for indoors?
Why is birth control no longer used worldwide? Because we humans are the main cause of pollution, global warming, plastic used, etc.
Where is the so-called 4th generation nuclear power stations (which can also process all nuclear waste?)
Why are citizens allowed to store their own generated energy (eg solar energy)?
Are there economic models that focus on well-being, rather than prosperity? Can they serve as an alternative to our current model?
Can a superior material be developed to finish the road surface?
How can we make environmentally and animal-friendly agriculture profitable in the short term?
Why can we still only store a minimal amount of energy?
How can we better distribute food surpluses around the world?
Can't we think of anything better to light up the highways?
What are the long-term consequences of our mobile phone use?
Why do we still wrap our food in plastic? Surely there must be something better?
Why does Belgium have such poorly organized public transport?
What are we going to do with all those empty churches?
Why is dirty water still being discharged into our canals and rivers?
Are there alternative ways to be buried?
Why do trucks drive during peak hours and stand still at night?
In these times of global warming, why are we no longer investing in better train networks within Europe (and taxes on air traffic)?
Are handshakes justified?
Social challenges follow each other at a rapid pace, but public opinion and the sense of urgency to solve them is generally slow. What can be done about this?
Do we all have to live in a small apartment to realize the concrete stop?
How can we counteract the clientism of politics in small municipalities for better spatial planning?
What are (often ridiculous) urban planning rules for?
Why do we hear a lot about the reduction of CO2 emissions and almost nothing about methods or installations that break down CO2?
Is talent enough to become a successful artist?
Why are there more and more children with autism spectrum disorders?
Can a substance be developed that counteracts / absorbs radioactivity?
Where does the flu virus come from every year? Does it not need a human to originate or mutate? And if so, what does it live on?
How much should an airplane ticket for a distance of eg 750 km really cost if you include the consequences of that flight for the environment and nature in the price?
How do we ensure that there is less litter on the street? Can science raise awareness about this theme?
Which non-polluting means of transport are and how can we use them en masse?
How come there are no identical organisms in nature?
How can we reduce / prevent the huge mountain of waste? For example, by no longer using plastics that do not break down in the short term?
Which energy is non-polluting and affordable so that it can be used by everyone?
How can we improve air quality?
How can we provide sustainable and ecologically responsible food production in our own neighborhood?
How can we optimize seaweed production and generalize its use?
When eating spinach, your teeth become rough. Which (chemical) substance in spinach ensures this?
Is it possible that in the future we would discover a substance that you can use not only for the development of technology, but also for medicine and economics, without it being harmful to nature or humans?
Which substance in asparagus gives your urine a special odor? When you drink beetroot juice, does your urine and bowel movements turn red?
What will be the new communication techniques in the field of wireless communication?
Can we replace people with robots / computers in policymaking?
How far is artificial intelligence in Flanders? What about the useful applications?
Where does the biological clock come from? Is this hormonal? Do endocrine-disrupting products affect our biological clock?
How does listening to music affect your EQ?
Can you turn back a biological clock?
Does air quality affect our health to the extent that it makes us sick?
How can the data flow of broadband communication be increased?
What is the relationship between email and data flow?
How can we convince people to take more care of the earth in their daily lives?
Will artificial intelligence not make people unnecessary and therefore extinct in the long run?
How will we be able to make long journeys in an ecologically responsible way in the future?
Is there a theoretical limit for wireless communication speed?
Who will understand enough about artificial intelligence to exercise control over this?
How come there are more and more earthquakes? What is the impact of external factors on this?
Can artificial intelligence cause a war?
What is the supply of lithium on Earth?
What building materials are there on Mars?
Are we able to discover new metals?
What is the probability that an asteroid will fall on Earth?
Can artificial intelligence ensure that people show more respect and humanity?
How much does transgender surgery cost?
Is artificial intelligence genderneutraal?
What is the impact of black holes on the universe?
How big must an asteroid be to destroy all life on Earth?
How is it that more and more people develop food intolerances at a young adult age?
What effect will reproductive babies and artificial reproductive methods have on future generations?
Why is euthanasia so difficult for demented individuals, even if they previously formulated this wish clearly?
How clean is our drinking water really?
What is the impact of the cocktail of pollutants in watercourses and drinking water?
How can we safeguard our democracy from dictators?
What impact can / will open source and open access approaches to science have?
Are there more ticks today than before and how can we protect ourselves against them?
Are individual efforts to reduce world hunger as effective as global efforts (at national and international level)?
Would inter-dimensional travel be possible, if so how would we get there?
The earth will probably come to a close sometime: could it be that we (humans, terranes) can colonize to other solar systems or even other galaxies?
In Svalbard there is the World Seed Bank. What if we build such a bank with the DNA of every animal species on Earth? Could science then use cloning to prevent animal species from becoming extinct?
Could it be that some kind of "superhuman" can experience time slower than usual, for example someone who thinks so fast that he sees time slower?
Would people ever be able to fight all diseases?
I have seen a program where dogs can smell if anyone has cancer. Can this not be used on a large scale in the medical world?
4 out of 5 dentists recommend the same toothpaste ... but what does the 5th dentist know about that toothpaste that we (the other 4) don't know?
How is a lava lamp created?
How can you find a mole?
Will men ever disappear?
When is the science ready to relieve me of my jaw dysfunction and associated pain by replacing my malfunctioning right jaw joint with a painless 3D version?
Will a baby ever be able to walk immediately?
What solution does science offer for the threat of overpopulation?
How can you become the best rider?
Can a person have sex / reproduce with an elephant?
Scenes like 'beam me up Scotty' is that really possible? If so, is the beamed person a clone?
Can a tractor become electric? (Like electric cars)
How come electricity only works via cables? (And don't fly around in the air for example)
If all our organs had to be replaced by eternally existing organs, could we also live forever?
When computers and robots do all the work soon. What are we, the 10 billion unemployed, going to do? And do those who own the computers and robots still need us or are we rather a dangerous mass?
Giant balsam (Impatiens glandulifera) is commonly said to disperse the seeds floating along the water. Are other spreading methods known?
Why are they no longer building lanes on motorways to avoid traffic jams?
Are some children less successful in a long-term steady relationship? In our environment, all adults who are single children are single, they fail to maintain a long-term love relationship, or they see it as just a LAT relationship.
What are the consequences of the acidification of the oceans and is this process reversible. Is climate change irreversible? What can we do about it? From the current state, what is the best case scenario? And at worst?
How come you feel like your heart is going to weigh heavier when you're sad?
What is the current state of affairs regarding 4th generation nuclear reactors. More on the molten salt reactors. When can we expect a commercial copy? Are these reactors actually safer? What are the pros and cons?
Why don't we invest massively in the hydrogen economy?
After a number of processes, is it possible to clone an extinct animal using DNA from that animal?
Shouldn't we be doing science in a different way, to solve the complex persistent sustainability issues for the future?
What is the energy equivalent of a full petrol tank compared to the energy required to run an electric car the same distance. Overall, are electric cars more efficient than ICE cars? Figures please.
Why is there always or often tested on mice and not on another animal?
Where do these metals, iron, gold, and others come from in the subsurface?
With the increase in AI, quantum computers, big data and data analysis methods do you think people will be able to predict the future? And will this also be done intelligently if possible?
Would artificial intelligence help people not to have to do tedious everyday work?
How can modern technology help make large cities livable in an ecological, safe and socially responsible way?
Is the space infinite or does it stop somewhere?
Could you harvest the energy generated in a thundercloud and store it in a battery?
If someone walks away from me, does he / she / x really get smaller for me?
What is the stimulus for the formation of a granuloma?
We become more stupid as technology takes over from us.
Why do we have hiccups?
How does science solve shyness?
Are Eastern people (Chinese / Japanese ...) one step ahead of human evolution?
Why does the NBB not have a ratio center next to the balance sheet center?
How is it that after all these millions of years of evolution, people still burn up in the sun?
Since it is a dead language, how do we know how to pronounce Latin?
Why do literary prizes more often go to male authors and / or books with male main characters?
What is the impact of the digital revolution on reading behavior and reading culture in Flanders?
Why do our children and young people score worse on reading skills and text comprehension than in other countries?
Why is the genre of the short story less loved or known to readers than the novel?
Could it be that every person has some kind of energy available that allows him / her to do supernatural things (such as telepathy, telekinesis ...), but that there is too much interference so that it is not reflected?
Will science ever be able to prove the things that are still not understood (ex: god, supernatural ...)?
Will immunotherapy ever become a commonly used therapy available to everyone?
Is it possible to completely replace plastic with new ecological materials?
How many people are too many on Earth?
Why is science not at all interested in long-term patients who improve, stabilize or even heal through complementary care? While Evidence Based is used as a shield to hide behind.
Is an old diesel car really that much worse for our health than a new diesel or petrol?
Can we turn cancer into a chronic (treatable) disease?
Would it be a good idea to convert old fossil fuel cars into electric cars?
We are all human, but why do we continue to rely on labels such as white, black, gay, straight, etc.?
What is the influence of music on physical and mental health?
Can the 3D printer replace organ donation in the future?
Can urban farming / vertical farming have a beneficial effect on the inhabitants of densely populated cities?
Wouldn't it be helpful to explain to some people, and there are many, why people should be angry earlier if they get money back from taxes instead of happy. And that one should be happy if one has to carry money behind?
How come you get itching from the massage jets in the Jacuzzi?
If all money within capitalism represents all the power of that capitalism, but only knows its application of its divisibility within the number of actors (legal or natural persons), how do you redistribute its power to become more ethical?
Do minorities do well to group themselves under one generalized name (for example Latino, Black, queer, gay, etc.) or do they encourage discrimination even more by naming themselves “differently”?
Tits fly up and down to the nest box to feed the young. Sometimes they just fly into the box. Such a small opening ... How do they slow down? In flight, do they take into account the wind or a magpie that lives nearby?
Some people feel that they get drunk very quickly after drinking alcohol. I was previously told that this is due to a certain characteristic in the blood, a certain gene (?) ... Is that indeed the case?
Why doesn't our body just reject the superfluous we eat? Instead of getting fatter? Will a healthy effective pill ever be invented that will make us lose weight?
Is there a substance that is not transparent to infrared radiation?
If someone shoots a bullet in the air, for example with joy shots, where do those bullets end up?
What is the effect of Cannabidiol (the active ingredient in cannabis in addition to THC) in epilepsy patients?
How can we make Mars habitable for humans?
Can drinking water be concentrated and thus decrease in volume, so that you can drink more water with less volume?
Do animals also suffer from allergies?
Is it theoretically possible to predict the future with the state of the universe?
Is the presence of water a sine qua non condition for the emergence and / or presence of life, in whatever form? How do people know that?
How come some people become 'travel sick' (in a car, plane and / or boat) faster than others?
How can we produce less waste?
At the time, eating fish was harmful to health because of the amount of mercury in the fish. But this message has disappeared for over 10 years. How is that possible because mercury cannot just disappear?
What is the use of yawning, why do we yawn?
Will scientific research ever become redundant because we have reached the point where we know everything about everything? Or is achieving that goal a "mission impossible" and if so, why?
Why can't we communicate with animals (plants)?
Can we make cancer treatments more efficient so that patients feel less bad because of the side effects of the treatment?
Why are negative results from scientific research not published? After all, this can prevent this research from being repeated, so that useless investments can be prevented.
Is it true that humans as a species are weakening themselves by the frequent use of medication and interventions that virtually eliminate the natural law "survival of the fittest"?
Can the market solve our social and environmental problems?
Is a large government bad for the economy?
Which civilization dominates the world? The West, China, Islam?
Why is liberal democracy in crisis? What can or should we do about this?
Can you escape capitalism?
How can we save the European Union from destruction?
Is our current political system capable of adequately addressing the major societal challenges such as climate change, loss of biodiversity, increasing inequality and artificial intelligence?
Why do airplanes keep rising to high altitudes (of several kilometers), even for the earlier shorter flights that only take an hour?
At NPO EenVandaag people are regularly questioned about a wide variety of subjects. How scientifically representative are the answers they get?
Could myocardial infarction be remedied or cured in the near future by implanting cardiac stem cells into the dead heart tissue?
Why do frogs (and some toads) croak long past the mating season?
How does the Chinese electric car sector affect Europe?
Why do Chinese think it is OK for all foreigners to have multiple lovers?
Newcomers must integrate and integrate, possibly even with compulsory attendance in courses. But what do integration and integration mean?
How can we make (self) rechargeable batteries that are not harmful to the environment?
Scientists now claim that the cosmos, the universe, is bounded. So not infinite. What is there after this limitation?
How do we get rid of this planet when we have used up all available resources?
What is the influence of air traffic on a sunny day on global warming?
What would be the effect for people and society (including the economy) if creativity (especially creative and innovative thinking) had a permanent place in education (from primary to academic education)?
Drinking alkaline water makes sense or is that quackery. ditto for alkaline foot and hand baths.
Forces are transferred via small particles. How does this work exactly?
How long does it take for litter to get into the sea from a river? Does the sunken litter also enter the sea?
Completely clean energy, does it exist?
Is the loss of biodiversity (both marine and on land) irreversible?
When is the ENOUGH for the multi-billionaires millionaires?
How do you remove the fine dust from car brakes and car tires?
Will our cravings for sweet and sugar ever diminish?
What are the health benefits of nature / forest?
Biodiversity in Flanders: are we doing as well as our neighboring countries?
How can citizens be involved as much as possible in carrying out nature research?
Can nature-inclusive agriculture be made profitable in Flanders?
Is democracy still effective?
Why does everyone know about the phenomenon of global warming and yet there is so little action? Do we think the others will do it?
The male of the white-spotted puffer fish Torquigener albomaculosus makes spectacular sand circles on the sea bed to lure a female. Is such a circle not only a nest but also really art?
How can coffee production be secured in times of global warming?
What is the best possible way to tackle pollution (eg plastics in the oceans)?
How do you break the political power of parties over individuals?
What is the future of classical music?
Is there extraterrestrial life?
Is party politics really necessary? Do individuals full of ideas need to be squared?
I am severely allergic to a lot of pollen. Histamine production upon onset of sneezes and watery nasal discharge stops "immediately" when I start chewing. (without antihistamine medication). Chew for 15 minutes = 2 hours free from symptoms. Weird?
What are the three most effective ways for different sectors to reduce our CO2 emissions as a society? And how do we convince people (from different sectors) that action is now necessary and useful?
To what extent are scientific analyzes of the impact of European trade agreements on social, economic and environmental issues useful to politicians when they have to vote on a treaty?
How is it that so many people still conform today? Like trends that no one wants to fall out of (the phenomenon of the Adidas)?
What is sharp? Sharp has a unit of measure?
When will the resource reserves (on Earth) run out and how can we solve this?
When will the resource reserves (on Earth) run out and how can we solve this?
Is our immunity becoming increasingly 'cleaner'?
How can we keep our brain healthy?
Should it be addressed in the Middle East?
How can baldness be prevented?
Is there a nuanced and progressive answer to the polarization and ridiculing of participation?
How can a food intolerance be remedied so that the person can eat normally again?
What can science do to reduce the mountain of waste?
Why are we not given the opportunity to learn sign language (eg as an elective) in addition to other languages at school?
Why is more attention not being given to supporting the mobility (eg by public transport, driving, etc.) of clinical target groups (eg dementia, autism, schizophrenia, etc.)?
Will there ever be a method to completely fight cancer?
Is there a link between intelligence and political preference?
How can you best achieve objective journalism?
Is it possible to pelt neutrons for long-lived radioactive waste in order to make a less long-lived nuclide?
Can travel and contact with other cultures contribute to finding a solution to major social problems?
Luminous organisms can be used more as an alternative to street lighting.
How can every citizen adjust his / her behavior to ensure a substantial difference?
How can the ever-growing world population be stopped
Is a European (enlightened) Islam possible?
How can we combat global warming?
Will it ever be possible to clean up or reuse any waste that has ever been landfilled?
Are there any remedies that prevent cancer?
Is there a need for a body that can take measures without votes, so that action can be taken more quickly, for example in the fight against global warming?
How can we optimally tailor elderly care to the needs of the elderly?
Will food products disappear in the future due to ecological issues?
What is the effect of microplastics on health?
Would an independent Flemish Republic really be beneficial for the Flemish?
How can we really make the patient's voice count?
Will pop music today be known in a few years?
What options are there for increasing disease resistance?
How is it that society still sees so many things age-related and does not want to deviate from it? Is studying at a different age less appropriate?
Will cancer ever be completely curable?
Are there certain diseases that will return when our immune system declines?
How come you never find parking close to your destination in Roeselare?
How can we keep work, labor, ... in Belgium? What should be done about low-wage countries?
Is civil politics and populism becoming more important in political culture because of the bureaucratisation of the EU?
How can you solve traffic jams?
Can we develop more accessible means of communication (other than sign language) for deaf / non-native speakers?
How hard is a perfect football inflated?
How does the outbreak of war affect the number of believers?
How does the time work?
How do you define 'fake news'?
How do you achieve better integration of illegal immigrants?
The government pays for all the research, what can the companies do?
How corrupt is the government?
Are there physical limits at a mechanically created speed?
Can something be developed that makes a person no longer need to sleep?
Is it possible to create a multicultural society in Europe?
How can health be achieved with a minimum of pharmacology?
How does a disease spread in the body?
Does party politics have a future? Is more individualism possible in current politics?
Is it smart to give everyone a vote during elections? Are some people not capable?
Why send a Tesla into space when there is so much famine in Africa?
Does studying have a beneficial effect on the brain?
Is it possible to fit our consumer society into an ecological revolution?
Can plastics be removed from the oceans?
What can biotechnologists do against poverty?
Is society getting lazy?
How do you bring politics to the common man?
How can we put healthy food first choice among the population?
Can diseases "die out"?
How can we save the environment?
Does the West act correctly in the Middle East?
How will we solve a shortage of water, food and other raw materials in the future?
How do we keep the Islamic State in check?
Is far-reaching European integration desirable among the population?
Can your brain heal that deterioration?
Can universal sign language be developed?
Is there a greater separation between religions after a war?
Should journalists include a source in every article?
What determines the content of our dreams?
Does sustainable food production exist?
Is the emphasis in the cultural and heritage sector not too quickly on sensation instead of education?
How quickly can you tell from your urine if you have dehydration symptoms?
To what extent can cannabis / hemp help with the healing?
Should people think more for themselves instead of going with the crowd?
How can we ensure that harmful substances do not end up in the sea?
Is multiculturality an illusion rather than reality?
How do you solve the problem of the increasingly busy traffic jams?
Is there a way to challenge citizens to vote for ideas, concepts, visions, projects, ... instead of people / parties?
Is the theory of evolution still valid, now that humans have such a great impact on nature?
Can a world exist without money?
How can we develop a DNA epilepsy test (in dogs)?
Is party politics a safer system than direct democracy?
Does our vegetation change with the climate?
Can natural disasters be prevented?
Why is it so difficult to get a cure for cancer from herbs? and will ever come on the market
Why do horses match people well?
How can nanotechnology change / improve the medical world?
How do we solve the overpopulation, in terms of raw materials - place - food and quality of life, of our planet?
Can a new ice age be avoided?
How can we stop the radicalization of a religion?
Are there other worlds besides ours?
When will one be able to cure Alzheimer's?
How are we going to solve the problem of transmigration?
How to effectively control insects on plants, without the danger of resistance, without having to spray every second.
How safe is our food and does the industry comply with the established laws?
Are there other ways to generate energy in an ecological way: eg. from rain, waves etc.?
How are we going to live with overpopulation in the future?
Within what period of time does it seem possible to completely ban fossil fuels?
When will long distances be bridgeable in a much shorter time?
Can Science Help Me Find True Love?
When does Belgium face a real danger with the climate crisis?
What is the contemporary solution. for nuclear waste?
Is it possible to reduce the visible time of focused fuel?
What are the health risks of PU insulation in floors and facades?
How can artificial intelligence contribute to our health?
What / how did an autoimmune disease develop?
What is the importance and role of language use for emanicipation and immigration?
How do we protect plants on yode list?
What is the impact of traffic on air quality and, by extension, on public health?
What future can we expect for language variation in Flanders? Shall we all speak intermediate in a few years?
Is it ethical that animal testing continues to be conducted?
What is the link between capitalism and the lack of political action and a desire to solve the ecological question?
Why is the most needed medication so expensive (think chemo / ...)?
How does language use contribute to polarization in society?
Can we create genetic diversity through cloning?
how can we fight poverty? how can we make corruption disappear?
Is man able to answer everything that lives with a limited number of senses, but with an incredible brain and creativity. Growing AI and Robotics and other technology can help with this. But is this sufficient?
How should we motivate young people to choose a job that still has a 'future'?
Is the extinction of animal species per se bad? Or is this just a time of evolution?
Does it help to spread honey on wounds?
What if an EM storm passes and all electronics break down?
How can different actors (social partners, governments, organizations) ensure that we can work together and want to stay longer?
How can we get disposable plastic out of our society and pressure multinationals to adapt to these new value patterns?
Is there also a plant that only affects malignant cells on the beech?
Will science ever be strong enough to fight cancer?
What role does HR play in the transition from start-up to scale-up?
Can olive oil spread on the stomach help with stomach ache?
Are there herbs that cure diabetes?
With which ecological means are we going to heat our houses: with solar panels, but are they ecological enough to be demolished and dumped?
Are there plants that have a positive influence on cancer diseases?
For which cancers are the yew plants used?
How do deaf-mute people learn to communicate?
How can we tackle food surpluses and food shortages more efficiently?
How long before natural resources are exhausted?
is there any scientific explanation as to why opposites attract each other?
how do we remedy the water shortage worldwide?
Can we still produce enough food for everyone with climate change in mind in the future?
How do we combat pollution in the world and ensure that nature and the economy are in balance?
How can we adapt crops / vegetables so that they can grow anywhere on Earth?
how can deaf people speak, they don't know how sounds sound?
How can we banish plastic from our lives?
How do we ensure that public infrastructure in Flanders / Belgium is modern and future-oriented?
Can we survive entirely on solar energy in Belgium?
what does the world look like 10 years after bees become extinct?
How can we get microplastics out of the open waters?
Do you have home remedies for stress and concentration?
Why does it take so long between developing a possible cancer remedy and applying it to humans?
Will it ever be possible to form a fertilized egg with the DNA of 2 women?
How can you remember things while you were unconscious at the time?
Why should an experimental cancer treatment not be applied to a patient if the latter gives his informed consent?
How do you disseminate scientific knowledge to all layers of the population?
How do deja vu originate? How can this be?
How does music affect the expression of frustrations and complaints about society? Should we take into account the message music brings?
Do you think cancer can ever be cured?
Should the economy always grow to make or keep the world's population prosperous? Or in other words: is there an alternative to the capitalist model that now serves as a dogma for the modern economy?
How do we stand in terms of food supply for the coming decades? Will sufficient supplies be available worldwide?
How can you counteract stereotypes?
Can we get car fuel from plants?
Will we ever be able to fully switch to green energy?
How far are we with nuclear fusion to solve the energy problem?
How do you ensure that underprivileged children can do the activities they want, for example?
How do you keep spiders from entering your house?
How can we fight cancer on a natural basis (vegetable)?
Would cancer have been cured if all cancer researchers had to share their findings? So would research go faster if we take away the competition and introduce collaboration 100%?
Do pharmaceutical companies benefit from not working fully to make diseases disappear from an economic point of view?
Is it the intention that people always take anti-biotics?
What lives in the deepest ocean? (Outside plastics)
Why are there so many people with a reference to the month of MAY in their family name? Di Maggio, Demey, May, ... Other months you hardly see in family names.
How can we make fresh water drinkable from seawater?
If there is a tree with substances against cancer, why are there no concrete means for this yet?
Shouldn't resources go to the weak first, then to 'eternal' problem areas that always cost a lot of money?
Why is only NOx gas important in recent press articles on air quality? Other factors such as particulate matter, CO and other gases do not play a role. Is the diesel not targeted in this way?
how can we help alleviate world poverty?
How quickly can we switch to sustainable, ecological energy sources?
Does Flemish nationalism look to the future?
Will deep space traveling ever be possible?
Why do people become so much more allergic nowadays? (food etc.)
Is the universe finite?
Is the question of how to prevent cancer as difficult to answer as the question of how to cure cancer?
Can cancer be permanently eliminated?
Can a lingua franca be developed to build bridges between cultures and make global multiculture successful?
How do you know that organic food is 100% organic?
Is cheap organic food reliable?
Why are some plant blades poisonous when the root can have medicinal properties?
Does everyone see the same colors?
why do some people get headaches and others nausea with hangovers
How come it has only recently come to the attention that there is a co-relationship between illness / health and intestinal contents?
Are there plants that act on colds?
Can we ever get all the pollution out of the ocean?
Are there plant species that can help you against migraines?
Why do all medicines have side effects?
Is our education of a high quality? Are we not lagging behind other developing countries?
Is it an advantage that pupils (students) are given so many choices?
where wasps go in winter
Will religions survive in about 30 years or will they be replaced by superstitious communities?
Will we ever be able to cure cancer with only plants?
how long can we continue to live on earth if we continue to do so?
What is the cause of unsafe roads? Is it the structure? Human behavior?
how useful is it to be a vegetarian?
how useful is placebo?
The Earth is warming up so why is it getting colder in some places?
Do birds dream and why? what is the use of this?
What, according to science, are the causes of terrorist attacks and how do terrorist organizations originate?
How can we remedy air pollution in the cities?
How can the effectiveness of food production be best increased by genetic engineering?
What and how can hypnosis be used in science?
is the LEZ useful?
Are dogs really Colorblind?
Is there natural medication to fight cancer?
Influence of plastic on our health?
is there a natural solution against Alzheimer's disease?
How can we unambiguously confirm the existence of life on other planets?
How far can genetic engineering go so that it remains justified?
What is the future of investigative journalism given the crisis in traditional press companies due to the invention of the internet?
Do students learn more by writing papers than by taking courses?
How big is the long-term impact of organic food on our health?
Can the fish stock be saved?
Is it possible to educate people about other cultures in order to increase acceptance of people of different origins?
Research is often done in collaboration with industry, leading to patents (IP). Many researchers are not bothered by this as long as the budget comes in. So why don't studies get an Open source license?
What do we have to do ourselves to have a good intestinal flora?
What would happen to society if bodies such as the government, government, parliament, ... disappear?
Are there any undiscovered colors?
is genetically engineered soy healthy?
Should migrants fully adopt our values or should they bring their own culture to our society?
If organic is so good, why is the choice so limited?
How do we integrate gravity in quantum field theory
What will we use deep space traveling for?
Is nature on earth evolving positively or are we going downhill?
Why love is called Love?
How sustainable is the production of the installation that produces "sustainable" energy?
Is the current trend of hyper-individualism at the root of the difficulty of global community thinking?
What studies are underway to prepare children from an early age for a globalized world? Is there a pedagogical project at government level to educate world citizens who can function outside the context of their own church tower?
Can polluting multinationals regulate themselves? Is there a need for a (world wide) policy?
How long will we have potable water?
What exactly is green energy? Is it completely green?
What to do about climate change in, for example, the household?
What if the global wheat / rice crop fails due to an invasive virus?
What impact would a basic income have on biodiversity?
How can children safely cycle to school?
How can we genetically adapt plants to grow with little water?
How can we put capable motivated teachers in the classroom?
How does love arise in the brain?
Why does Facebook think I'm pregnant?
Plants can be developed that are completely resistant to insects and fungi
Will we be walking around with a chip where all our data is stored in the future?
"How can a sleeping foot / leg be scientifically explained?"
How can we efficiently tackle climate change?
How can plants grow better?
How many universes are there?
Does taming animals have an impact on biodiversity?
Is there a 'too clean' environment in which we do not develop a disease defense system?
Are there better ways than elections to put together a government and represent citizens in policy design?
Is it theoretically possible to go back in time?
Is life possible on other planets? To what extent is this "life" as we know it?
To what extent does orientalism live in 2018?
Can people continue to live with and in their environment?
Why is science policy so unscientific about measurement? They collect the numbers that happen to be available and use them thoughtlessly and uncritically. This results in self-reinforcing skews that cause damage.
What happens in the brains of people with autism?
How can the problem of the continuous flow of refugees be solved?
Is our way of teaching the most efficient way?
How does the radiation of a mobile phone affect health?
In winter I looked at the horizon and see that it turns red, then this color disappears, a bit later I see the red color for the second time, the red disappears and becomes more yellow and the sun rises, for the second red color I have an explanation the first not
Is it possible to scientifically prove the existence of God or the absence of God? Is there scientific evidence that Jesus really existed? What evidence is there for his miracles?
How easy are people to indoctrinate? What do they get their credibility from which people quickly join?
How to better protect green areas?
How can we stop global warming?
Is guerrilla gardening in public places okay for nature?
Is it safer for journalists and the state itself if their names are not included in the articles they write?
How can we reduce the enormous pollution from the aircraft?
How does a missile work?
How can we replace plastic bowls with wooden bowls to pack meats and food?
Is there a biodegradable substance (artificial or natural) that can replace plastic?
Are robots the future?
Why is there no cure for cancer yet?
Can Veurne become a Walloon enclave within the Flemish federation?
What is the meaning of faith within 20 years?
Can our taste change over the years?
Why don't we get 'more necessary' basic subjects like first aid in our education?
How can we solve the problem of plastic, an environmentally friendly solution for plastic?
Religions say they are peaceful, but to what extent is this correct?
How do we reduce the number of plastics in the ocean?
Why are electric cars not yet the norm? Will the electric cars be in 2030?
Do pharmaceutical companies consciously not solve certain diseases, rather treat them twenty times than cure once, because it is less profitable?
How do we resolve constant pain (phantom pain)?
What physical changes will change the human body?
Do dogs have a memory?
Can plants experience pain?
What degree of vacuum is achieved in the measuring infrastructure in CERN?
are we all copycats?
How can we reduce and even prevent the side effects of cancer treatments?
How can tunnels be made cheaper?
Is the lack of political action on environmental problems due to a top-down organization of the EU instead of a bottom-up organization?
Alien living truth or lie?
What are potential medical applications of newly discovered (plant) species?
What was before the BIG BANG?
Is the dissemination of scientific knowledge sufficient for the intended result?
Will it ever be possible to form a fertilized egg with the DNA of 2 men?
What is the effect of microplastics on human health?
Is the exit from nuclear energy a possible solution?
How environmentally friendly recycling?
Is food production at sea?
Can an autoimmune disease be cured?
Is the red I see also the red you see?
Does digitization have a positive impact on our health?
When does nuclear fusion become economically viable?
Who was the last Fleming to receive the Nobel Prize? It was Corneel Heymans at Ghent University in 1938. When will Flanders receive the next Nobel Prize? Can we do that to order or does science not work like that?
Shall we colonize Mars?
How do we get more equality in the world?
Could we take damage mitigation measures against natural disasters?
If the sea level rises, how do we make room for the people who have to flee if we don't want to make room for war refugees now?
Is epilepsy in dogs linked to the breed?
Should a country's gross national product increase every year to sustain a sustainable economy and society?
What do we still need to make sustainable energy generation and storage 'really' sustainable?
Does the environment have an impact on diversity within micro and macro organisms?
Which organisms live in the water of which not much is known / known?
Can salt water be converted into fresh water?
Can seaweeds and sea flora / fauna be used for food production?
Can the balance of psychological and physical possibilities be extended by many years?
Is food waste also causing a shortage of food?
Is the plastic pollution of the sea detrimental to our (healthy) food?
What can one person do about poverty?
Should we, as Flanders, invest in the development of alternative energy sources, even if China has a strong profile as a producer of such sources?
Does the sauna activity have a beneficial effect on well-being?
Should we no longer focus on research into alternative energy sources and offer new technology to the world?
Lamarck was the first (before Darwin and Wallace) to elaborate a coherent theory of evolution. Is Lamarck also right with the rise of epigenetics? What promises does epigenetics hold for our health?
How much food must there be in a place before one can speak of famine?
Can't we convert water into solar powered fuels?
What are the effects of certain diseases on a body?
Do we know all the long-term side effects of medication and their effects on future generations?
What are physical limits?
Can one ever travel time?
How big is the perfect football?
Is entering tolls a good idea for Belgium?
If protein foam collapses when egg yolks are added, why is chocolate mousse still fluffy?
I am very concerned about the energy and climate issue! Can't we solve that with nuclear fusion? Is nuclear fusion the holy grail? Is nuclear fusion possible on Earth in a commercially viable way and within what time?
Which pollutant load are discharged by the sewage treatment plants and to what level is this ideally reduced?
Will science ever be able to solve how life came about? Are we going to be able to imitate that ourselves?
What is the value of the ecosystem services of the North Sea compared to GNP?
What does sustainable management of a field in the BeNeLux include?
What is the biological response of the North Sea ecosystem to a complete recovery of fish stocks?
How can a society commit itself to short-term public and private projects without reaching a consensus for long-term public projects?
Can we become immortal if we manipulate our DNA?
Are there still many undiscovered plant species?
How can we protect endangered animal and plant species?
How can we sensitize people to use less plastic?
How safe is our food?
What is the social benefit of fully implementing preventive medicine in Belgian society?
How real / natural is our food? Do we have the "correct" taste perception?
Does faith affect our society?
Will we be able to justify genetic modifications in the future?
Can lightning be stored on superconducted capacitors? what are and how do tgfs arise and how do upward positrons arise during major storms, can we do something with this as energy storage?
Is it (ethically) responsible for humanity to domesticate wild animal species?
How environmentally friendly is it to extend the shelf life of our foods?
can a thorium plant help us with the energy problem perhaps together with Germany and the Netherlands?
How is it possible that genetic diversity is lost through hunting and fishing?
Can a method be found in which thyroid patients can prick themselves and thus immediately know the blood values, to be able to adjust immediately if necessary (such as in diabetics)?
Why is a thyroid transplant not possible when there are thyroid problems?
Why are there people who have a lot of respect for nature and animals and build up wisdom, and others who destroy everything without hesitation and do not want to become wise at all but only rich? Could that be in the genes or is it due to education?
Can we speed up or slow down time?
When I suddenly think of someone, does that person sometimes think of me at the same time?
How can sufficient humanity remain in care in a time of savings, interest in administration, ... (danger of overregulation)?
Will we continue to need plants in the future?
Can we do something about the overpopulation?
What is the (current and future) status and value of biodiversity and water?
Doesn't the Western world do more for the environment than the developing world? How can we solve this?
Is peak exposure to air pollution important for health?
Why should small-scale wind turbines not be installed by private individuals, while solar panels and wind turbines in our country could be much more E-efficient?
What role can science play in objectifying debate (distilling rhetoric from standpoints)?
How can more non-drinking water be made drinkable efficiently?
Will global warming have major consequences in our regions?
How do we provide enough electricity to supply electric and hybrid cars with energy when energy becomes scarcer and / or more expensive?
Do you take an electric bicycle better than a classic bicycle with poor air quality?
How can I solve the traffic jam problem in a sustainable and structural way?
Can we ever live on Mars?
How are we going to guarantee the electricity supply if we start driving electrically?
If organic is better for the environment, why don't we make all our food organic?
Why are packages still delivered by car? Are there no more environmentally friendly alternatives? For example by bicycle? Is this feasible?
What are the causes of childhood cancer? How do we solve this?
Are we all living at the same time?
How can we stop and reduce global warming?
How do we stop the loss of biodiversity?
How can we handle plastic responsibly as a family?
I want a well-founded proposal on how to measure particulate matter in Brussels so that a representative measurement is possible and can serve as a basis for policy choices?
How do autoimmune diseases develop and why do they sometimes develop later in life?
Is it healthy to cycle in the city with poor air quality?
How do I learn to 'really' feel music and rhythm?
How far is science? What we don't know yet What do we know?
Our world is increasingly inequal, what can we do about it?
Is there a trick to seeing the Big Dipper properly?
Can science mean anything to find a solution to get more students to choose a technical direction?
What kind of plants have the best growth opportunities with loam soil?
Is 'no religion' also a religion?
Why isn't a mini windmill (no nuisance) placed on every roof?
How can we better disseminate the limited knowledge we have about our gut flora to the population? through schools, GPs, ...
How can we reduce meat consumption?
What causes the auxin flow in plants?
How can we effectively remove the plastic from the ocean?
Why are there still no biodegradable packages made?
What are our rights and obligations regarding "making an effort for the climate"?
Will there ever be a cancer drug developed?
How will a person evolve (biologically)?
Are methods such as solar panels and nuclear energy really so "clean" in terms of CO2 emissions (eg production of solar panels - mines for uranium ore)?
Are organic products not extra polluting (extra packaging, less yield, more transport, ...) and mainly a market stunt?
How can we stimulate "ordinary" citizens even more to consider the negative effects of the climate?
Will there still be different human races in the future?
Are some diseases not necessary so that we do not explode in people as humans?
Can food be made so that you don't turn it into waste?
Will it ever be possible for us to move from planet?
How will we organize our society when the majority of the work is handled by robots, automation and A.I.?
To what extent will AI take over our lives?
Will we all ever have the same breed?
Is it possible to live completely "zero-waste"?
Is it possible to completely replace plastic production with renewable sources? (e.g. corn)
How quickly can meat substitutes conquer the world without meat?
In case of excess wind energy, can the conversion of water to hydrogen (H2O) form a kind of battery?
Is it realistic to be able to completely reduce plastic in the sea / rivers?
Why have no drastic measures been taken to replace plastic with biodegradable plastic?
Will petroleum / natural gas be used up completely?
How can we avoid / remove plastic islands in the oceans?
Will we ever abolish the (national) borders?
Is there life on another planet as we know life here?
Why do children and older people find math so difficult? Is it given incorrectly?
Are there any techniques that will ever bring CO2 production to zero to zero?
Should there be duties related to the climate?
What is meant by no waste when talking about food production?
When will full-dive virtual reality be developed?
How do politics, economics and science influence food campaigns (and perhaps undermine the results)?
What about racism?
Will people ever find a cure for allergies?
Should we start by checking that the average age does not exceed 100 years?
What functions will robots take over from humans?
Should we allow euthanasia in dementia patients?
How can we strongly reduce the asphalting of Belgium?
Will there ever be a drug to cure a hangover faster?
Do children find math difficult or does math find them difficult?
Should we start modifying DNA from parents so that the baby cannot get genetic diseases?
How do we decide who can move to another planet?
Should we invest more in space travel?
Will there still be terror in 10 years?
Do we have the right to move?
Can we ever completely remove that huge mountain of waste from the ocean?
Is producing solar panels / windmills also very harmful to the environment?
What is the best way to prevent waste?
Should we spend more time teaching math and give the kids more time to process it.
Will AI ever get too smart and when would this happen?
Can we make something useful out of waste?
Can we change people by modifying genes?
Will we really feel pain in a virtual reality game?
What about animal and human cloning?
Can all waste be made in such a way that it is biodegradable?
What is the impact of meat consumption on the world and the climate?
Is it always necessary to shift the retirement age, while at the same time automation increases and the number of jobs decreases?
Should eating meat ever be forbidden?
Will we ever be able to develop a drug to effectively cure cancer?
Can we make all our packaging reusable?
Can animals with super good qualities be cloned?
How can we continue to survive or survive in a healthy living environment?
Why is the plastic removal technique not being applied on a larger scale?
How can we grow old healthily?
Are robots a danger to humanity?
Should we adjust mathematics in secondary school, in mathematics, so that it is more like university mathematics?
How do we stop global warming?
How does an ecosystem respond to the presence of large amounts of waste (waste islands etc)?
Is space research still generating innovation in industry?
How do we efficiently remove CO2 from the air in order to combat global warming?
Will we succeed in reducing our use and production of plastic (plastic) (with a view to better health of nature)?
How can we organize public transport sustainably? Is it accessible to everyone, without having to leave trains and buses for only 2 people.
Why don't teachers and professors award points instead of taking exams? Where are there exams?
How big is the universe actually?
Does virtual reality have any other useful applications outside of gaming?
Will we ever be able to ride entirely on water or grass?
How do we stop global warming?
What is the now famous bifidus actiregularis?
Can we prevent cancer?
How can we ensure that no / less packaging is used?
Can there ever be peace around the world?
How can we ensure that cars hardly pollute?
Is animal / human cloning ethically sound?
Is it necessary to keep people artificially alive if they cannot do anything anymore?
How can we approach people's mindset so that they can effectively take health-promoting steps?
How do we make environmentally friendly plastics?
How can you promote sport with legal means?
Why do we invest in space travel when there is still so much poverty in the world?
Are there not too many packages needed to make a package?
Will we ever be able to cure / prevent all diseases?
Can you control AI? (no apocalypse).
How can the universe become larger when it is infinite?
Should we focus on keeping individuals alive for a long time, shouldn't we better use these resources for something else?
Can we diversify more in secondary education? More level-oriented education?
Why would you pack something and then have to unpack it again?
Is man rightly at the top of the food chain?
Do we want to change the planet?
Will there be jobs for all people later?
Is there water on the march?
How can we limit the emission of radioactive waste and what do we do with it?
Why is there no virtual reality game that can teleport you yet?
Does the energetic part (aura) of man really exist? How can we investigate this?
Are there methods to make buses more efficient? (take less space, more economical).
Are we not becoming too dependent on technology (such as the internet, mobile phones)?
Can AI transcend human capacity?
What are the consequences of producing plastics from renewable sources?
Are there better ways to recycle and use Earth's resources?
Is top sport healthy?
Does the universe last indefinitely?
How can the problem of resistance be solved?
Is it possible to develop perishable plastic?
How could the Egyptians build pyramids?
Why are some products double-packaged?
Can ethics hold back scientific progress?
How does the expansion of the universe evolve?
What is the maximum capacity of the Earth? Is it possible to feed everyone? How long will the Earth last?
Can brain scans show whether someone is good or bad?
Can we make a drug that can fight all diseases and is also affordable?
Is it possible to artificially create new elements / raw materials?
Can we make food in the form of a pill, so to speak, so that it is as nutritious as a normal meal?
Can we run our society entirely on renewable energy?
What are the costs and benefits of interplanetary travel? What obstacles are there?
Should we value animals and plants more?
Why do researchers sometimes contradict each other in doping research?
How can a man-made robot become smarter than man himself?
Where does all our pollution come from?
Why didn't we clone dodos?
How can we reduce the excess of cars in Sri Lanka?
What is the advantage / disadvantage of being the only country driving on the left side of the track?
Can we also make positive use of radioactive waste?
Is there a need for a super AI?
Would there ever be a mathematical formula to teleport?
Why is CBD not legally available in Belgium?
Which alternative / renewable energy sources can be used to supply the world with energy?
What do we do with all cows / pigs on our planet?
Are we ever going to get to the end of the speed of light?
Can we bring the extinct animal species 'the dodo' back to life?
Will teleportation be possible in the future?
In this lonely society; is it morally responsible to use robots to keep the elderly, etc. busy?
Can we live without cow production?
Why is nothing being done to get plastic out of the ocean?
Where can you apply Algebraic Topology? And how?
Is improving the human body ethically responsible?
How long would it take if we kept the same way of life and Earth Overshoot Day is January 1?
If there is an end, can one perceive it?
How can we drastically reduce our plastic consumption?
Should we oblige companies to research resistance and make money available for it?
How can we (preventively) tackle the social issues (child labor, discrimination, conflict minerals, ...) from the supply chain?
How could spaceships be made at the speed of light?
Who has the right to direct scientific progress?
What technical progressions are still possible in the sports world?
Why does renewable energy not grow faster?
How can we solve the traffic jam problem and increase traffic efficiency?
Will it be possible to drive flying cars in the future? (towards traffic rules).
How can we be sure that everyday medications have no adverse reactions?
Have all chemical elements already been discovered? Are there any other artificial elements?
Will robots ever be able to take over everything from humans?
Is the human body not good enough?
Can we efficiently remove CO2 from the atmosphere?
Can traffic lights be avoided through more efficient solutions?
Is it not better to use mathematical bricklaying of traffic and the construction of new roads or to plan road works and renewals in such a way that there is optimal renewal with minimal congestion?
When will an AI colony march on?
How is statistical regression applied to decide that a drug works? How certain is this investigation?
What influence does the use of robotics and robots have on employment for people who are not very learned or who cannot study well?
What are the future problems related to energy and radioactive waste?
When will AI transcend human capacity?
Is it going to become a norm in the future not to eat meat?
Will self-driving public transport be possible in the future?
Should we ever make euthanasia compulsory, to stop overcrowding (eg group of older men over 70)?
What is the use of immunology to study?
Can we increase the efficiency of solar panels / wind turbines?
Have there been any experiments on teleportation?
Are robots as equal as humans?
Should we introduce a global birth control?
How much 'evidence' is enough evidence?
Has the size of the universe been determined? Because infinity is indefinite?
How do we fall asleep and how can we fall asleep faster?
Will we ever be able to travel to the end, for example at the speed of light?
Given the pollution of our oceans, will we be able to save the average fish stock?
Is a world without the use of plastic realistic?
Why is there an oil lobby?
Why do planets have names of Greek and Roman gods?
Should we make antibiotics into a medicine that should only be taken in extreme cases?
How do you solve the waste problem?
Should there be laws about how far AI can go?
What is it"? Our life?
Do we really know everything about our history?
Isn't the human brain some kind of AI?
To what extent are sports allowed to adapt their equipment to the progressive science?
Is there a god?
Is Fewer People the Problem?
Can the entire world ever run on renewable energy production forms?
Would Star Wars ever become a reality?
Are there certain responsibilities that one has during a scientific study?
Are students at the right age given the choice for a particular field of study? Should this be sooner or later?
Why is the sky blue?
How is it that mankind, despite all knowledge, does not show rational behavior regarding over-consumption?
less cars and more nature
Can animal rights organizations be prosecuted for spreading false and troubled images?
Besides pandaporno, is there any other way to mate pandas and avoid their extinction?
Is it possible to make food in a completely chemical way?
Why is health care so expensive? Is this because of the hospital system?
When do we start gene manipulation of all our crops in Belgium?
Is it ethical to dump plastic in space?
Will cancer ever get resolved? What is the solution?
Why don't we plant more types of separate trees everywhere?
Can humans survive on other planets?
Why are mathematical concepts applicable? Is it not necessary to have a mathematical basis yourself?
How long does it take before there is a stagnation of CO2 production?
Can we automate parcel services more? What dangers could this pose (via drones).
What is the cost to solve the energy problem?
Is the pollution / CO2 emission different between intensive and extensive livestock farming per cattle (or other animals)? How big is the difference?
Does extraterrestrial life exist?
Why are there no more developments to make safer and better nuclear reactors that produce less radioactive waste?
Can we build roads in such a way that people always get lost and thus never arrive at their destination?
Is there still life after the bee?
Will AI become the warfare of the future?
Are there animals that are more cognitively developed in certain areas?
Is there extraterrestrial life and if so, when will we come into contact with it?
Will Jurassic Park ever become a reality?
How can we better disseminate scientific knowledge?
Shouldn't we consider making it more user-friendly?
Can we also empower AI?
Can an embryo be developed from one person?
How do we get healthy food on our plate?
Shouldn't we invest in informing the population about birth prevention instead of investing in people too old to euthanize?
Is A.I. dangerous to humans?
Will a moon landing be as easy as a taxi ride in the future?
Are other options such as H reactors safer and with less waste?
Will we ever (have to) survive, completely dependent on GMOs?
Why do scientists always tend to ask difficult questions?
Will we have armies of computer scientists in the future?
Can the death penalty be reintroduced to combat overpopulation?
Where does the investigation stop? We can't heal, can we?
How did the dinosaurs go extinct?
Can magnetic trains be made affordable?
Did Julius Caesar really exist?
Is there a fourth, fifth, ... dimension in space?
Can we ensure that the quality of life does not decline in old age?
Can certain endangered species survive mathematically (without incest)? So how many species are doomed to perish (in about 10 years)?
How can we better understand marine ecosystems and what should we commit to protect them so that the ocean can contribute in a sustainable way to social prosperity and well-being?
How can we solve traffic jams structurally
Can political intervention in sciences?
Does the advanced technology in a particular sport branch not provide an unfair advantage to athletes who cannot afford these technologies?
If everyone is ideally vegetarian, what happens to the meat industry?
Why don't we send more telescopes like Hubble into space?
Shouldn't the government invest in cleaning up the oceans instead of organizations that depend on donations?
How can we remove microplastics from our existence? Are there methods for this?
How long will it take before we can fly at the speed of light?
Should the emphasis be on historical 'evidence' or on the physical side of the phenomenon?
Is it possible to do even more for bird protection?
Will people ever make people more environmentally friendly (smaller, less need for consumption, etc)?
What economic impact does robotizing society have?
Can we shoot sperm at the speed of light?
Will it ever be possible to store human memory in a robot?
Aren't organizations like Greenpeace and GAIA too extreme?
Is it still useful to let people get older and older?
Do we give science too little subsidies and too many other industries?
Can you do something about the fine dust in the air?
How can light pollution be handled more consciously / efficiently?
Will we ever be cloned to infinity?
What security measures must be taken with regard to the further development of AI?
Should the government no longer invest in the decrease in meat consumption?
What happens to the environment when the oil is used up?
How would society respond to a quota on meat consumption?
Remove plastic from the sea and use less plastic.
How can we find out if historical sources reflect the reality of the time?
How can we combat overpopulation and increase the average lifespan at the same time?
How can we raise awareness about our waste?
What about air pollution?
Why did T-rex have short legs?
Can science find a better political system?
Why are we no longer investing in bioplastics?
How can our food production be maintained during drought?
How can we better protect endangered species?
How do people perceive the difference between teasing, bullying and emotional violence?
How much math is left to discover?
Is it ethical to disadvantage (kill) a group of people in order to obtain the best for the whole population?
How can you recycle unrecyclable polymers in the future?
Shouldn't we be playing porn along the way to make the traffic jam a bit pleasant?
What parameters influence an autoimmune disease? emotional, physical, environmental factors, ...
How long did the average person live in the time of the Greeks and Romans?
Couldn't we have porn replaced by live action with virtual robots?
To what extent can a robot independently make decisions that are acceptable in human eyes?
What added value does a longer life have, beyond a longer life?
What if the basics of math are wrong?
Is nuclear energy the cleanest energy yet?
what will happen to the jobs that disappear?
Can a way of life be analyzed in mathematics?
why are there so many strikes when we've never been so prosperous?
How did the Egyptian script come about?
is vegetarian food good for your health?
Is there a chance that in the future we will have to live underwater because of the overcrowding?
Will human drivers ever be banned as a safety measure when self-driving vehicles are the majority?
How is AI programmed?
Is there also life on any other worlds?
How can we ensure that the quality of life is maintained as people age?
In the past, were people so smart that they could discover so many things without technology?
How do we solve the FILE problem?
will food ever be fairly distributed around the world?
What is the real reason for the extinction of the dinosaurs?
Does the retirement age need to be raised even more?
How do you build a consensus-friendly society?
Can we get rid of world hunger completely?
Does climate change affect the composition of the rainwater?
How long can we discover new mathematics?
Will our brains ever be taken over by AI implants?
Should antibiotics only be given in exceptional cases?
Which substances increase the risk of cancer in purebred dogs?
Do animals have consciousness? and do they realize they exist? and realize that their life is finite?
Can we manage to waste less food?
Can we make the countries of origin of transmigrants better for them?
Is installing solar panels in deserts the solution?
Does a growing economy have a negative impact on the environment?
As an adult, how can you communicate well with young people, given that the frontal lobe of young people is not yet fully developed?
Is there extraterrestrial life?
How can the equipment for virtual reality / gaming be reduced?
how old does a palm tree get?
What impact does climate change have on micro-organisms?
How can you become demented?
Is it safe to use eg AI in tax controls? What if they get hacked?
Is it safe to use AI on a large scale?
Can other ways be found to generate energy from the forces of nature?
How will the problems of plastics be tackled in the sea?
Cancer treatments have very negative side effects. Are there any drugs that do not have these side effects? (for eg loss of hair, nausea, ...)
How do bystanders (consciously or not) enhance bullying behavior in adults?
Could we modify our body to breathe underwater?
Will transport be more realistic via underground tunnels or will we fly en masse?
Can we fully meet our own food needs in Belgium?
Is burning wood really harmful to the environment because of fine dust?
Can we ever travel interplanetary in / or between different systems?
What psychological and physical possibilities can we expect with regard to age limits?
How harmful are further increases in traffic congestion on public health?
Is it possible to die in real life during a virtual reality game?
Should applications in the future be based on brain scans?
Can the process of developing a drug be accelerated a lot? How much? By when?
Should power be equally distributed? Most of them are lazy, so things are not going well.
How can we make useful use of our lives if we have more 'free time'?
Would it ever be possible to scan yourself so that you can play in a virtual reality game?
Can batteries be made in a green way? Are there enough raw materials for that?
Which are new, unknown sources?
How do we ensure that money and power are shared equally?
How can people as individuals take action and how do we motivate the individual?
To what extent can you provide future-oriented infrastructure? Is infrastructure not always a 'child of the times'?
How do we create a European feeling in Europe? What measures can be taken to promote this?
How can we limit the impact of the household on the climate?
Can we reprogram ourselves genetically?
How will we then store H2 safely?
If we were genetically reprogrammed, would we still be the same individual?
Can biotechnology cure cancer? (repair / replace defective genes)?
Is dihydrogen (h2) a solution to replace liquid fossil fuels?
How far can science go to find solutions to detect / fight diseases?
Is it possible to build an economy with dihydrogen (H2) as the main energy source?
How do you get more alcohol in one glass of beer?
How come you get drunk faster when you are tired?
Are seed banks a sustainable method of preserving endangered plant species?
How can the world population be stabilized?
Why are there still no vaccines for all tropical diseases?
How do you instill sufficient confidence in children?
Tesla is conquering the world?
Does global warming have an effect on biodiversity?
How can we reorganize primary schools so that all children feel at home?
Are all packaging necessary?
Can't safer packaging be designed?
How can we live comfortably with so many?
Is privacy needed to be happy?
Can micro-organisms be genetically modified to break down plastic?
Does veganism have enough effect to stop global warming?
Why is biodegradable packaging not mandatory for every store?
Which techniques should we use to neutralize CO2, CH4 and N2O?
Can you eradicate cancer?
Can we offer more effective solutions against allergies?
How can you demonstrate health effects of food without very expensive studies such as drug research?
how far is the research into the cause of MS and its treatment?
Can we absorb the sudden loss of fossil fuels as a society?
Why are certain screening examinations (eg prostate) only reimbursed every two years?
Is democracy actually the best policy?
Is it true that every person has "cancer", but it only comes through after a certain time, for example?
How can we prevent cancer?
Can the micro plastics now in the oceans be removed?
How long will it take before man destroys himself?
How unhealthy is eating fish from the sea because of the plastic? How does it affect our health?
What if there was no more faith?
How do we replace all ordinary biodegradable packaging all over the world?
What does alcohol do to your body?
Can stress increase the risk of cancer?
Is there a chance that our planet will be swallowed up in an all-devastating black hole?
What is the ideal fond for drinking alcohol?
Can cancer be linked to food?
Are we with too many people in the world? Is this sustainable?
How come some diseases are overcome by the immune system and others are not?
Is our food equally well stored in biodegradable packaging?
Why do some people have a different mentality?
Which nutrient ensures a stronger absorption of alcohol?
How many brain cells do we lose on an average night out?
How can we create better living conditions in eg India?
What will the energy production of the future be? (nuclear power plants, green energy (windmills, hydropower plants), coal ...
Why do so many people suffer from poor sleep and what are the long-term consequences?
How do acute immune diseases develop?
Who was first: the chicken or the egg?
Should we start rationing on fossil fuels?
How can we ensure that refugees can do meaningful work according to their degree?
Will we ever manage to take the step to live waste-free (or as much as possible)?
Why do we need so much electricity? Can't we limit consumption instead of expanding energy production?
Why are they all D sugars?
Does sport actually have a positive effect on health?
Isn't it better to live back as we used to be "pure in nature"?
How can we protect the rest of our natural territory?
Can the world live on only green energy?
Will a solution be found for Alzheimer's?
Does sleeping outside in childcare offer added value for children?
Can we find a new fuel?
How will the human body change?
Will we still have the opportunity in the future to build our own home (shortage of space), to buy (more expensive)?
Can a healthy lifestyle significantly reduce cancer?
Will a cure for cancer ever be found that works 100%?
How can we further investigate whether the universe is finite or not?
Will suicide ever be socially accepted?
How does the importance of playing outside / living / living in childcare relate to air quality in an urban context?
What can be used against concrete discolouration after several years?
Can mental problems be solved by manipulations in the brain?
Why are so many cultures fascinated by stars and astrology?
What is the influence of the regular outdoor play / outdoor life in childcare on the development of children?
Is there really anything that can be done about global warming?
Will 'stupid' people still be accepted, find work in society if robots emerge more and more?
What is the influence of coming into contact with nature, sustainability, ... at an early age in a childcare location towards later? Are these children growing into more environmentally conscious adults with a smaller ecological footprint?
Is the end of the world more plausible than a new social order because of the taboo that economists have to question an economic system based on growth?
What is the ultimate means of treating fatigue?
Can we use more environmentally friendly packaging?
What do we do against overfishing?
Can we still take to the streets with peace of mind?
Could it ever get so far that there is only 1 religion all over the world?
Does dreaming have a biological function?
What role does the difference in upbringing play in the difference in mentality?
How can we offer school / education to the children in eg India?
Did people in prehistoric times wake up to their problems?
Where will evolution stop?
Will there be alternative vehicles that (completely) improve the environment?
Why are there still so many mysteries in science? Will they ever be resolved?
Can crop pollination be done with drones?
How exactly does a memory come about?
How can a GPS be guaranteed in (long) tunnels?
Will we ever know if there is extraterrestrial life?
How can I make my sound system sound like a real church organ?
Will we only be able to add apartments in the future?
Can our scientific knowledge continue to improve?
Can our scientific knowledge continue to improve?
Could man ever make something faster than light?
Will future household tasks be able to be replaced by robots? And how will this work in practice
Are quarks the smallest particles that make up an atom? If not, are there any claims or discoveries that there might be a smaller particle?
Do insects generally need a circadian rhythm like a human or animal?
Is there a possibility we can connect with extraterrestrial life?
How does suicide affect our society?
Which monuments will still exist within 20 years?
How do psychological problems arise?
Why do we feel connected to stars?
Will we have sufficient drinking water in the future?
To what extent will robots and self-driving cars, for example, determine our lives and is this safe?
How can the taboo of an economic system not based on growth be broken?
Is too much sleep unhealthy?
How can we reduce plastic waste?
Is there a God?
How long does a dream that sometimes seems very long really last? And how can you demonstrate / measure that?
To what extent does the history of a country influence the mentality of people?
What can we do about poverty?
What do sleeping pills do to the body?
Why are bananas crooked?
Will we ever be able to fully switch to green energy? (solar energy, wind energy, ...)
Is there a real chance that artificial intelligence will become a major disadvantage because they become TOO smart?
Will everything we discover continue to lead to new questions?
How can we help young people / young couples in their search for their dream home?
Is there a means to cure cancer?
Is it possible that extraterrestrial life does not communicate through sound?
Are the next of kin of those who committed suicide well guided? Are they not left with questions?
Will all our architecture (buildings, structures) ever perish?
How do we solve psychological problems forever?
Is there life on another planet?
Will the population continue to grow?
At what speed does man influence the marine ecosystem and what is a sustainable exploitation level for maritime activities.
Can we ever work out a global economic system that will have a positive outcome for all people?
how is it that, while effective protective equipment against ticks for dogs and cats does not appear to exist for humans or vaccines
Can the brain function without a body?
Will we ever be able to send satellites to another universe?
Is the universe finite or infinite?
Can the brain function without a body?
How can you go faster than the universe expands?
Will robots and computers ever take over the world?
Are all religions compatible with each other (is there sufficient common basis) or is this by definition excluded?
Will anyone ever find anything against dementia?
Is sleeping too little unhealthy?
How can we combat deforestation?
Will "religion" (belief) continue to exist?
How can we explain the phenomenon of "lucid dreaming"?
Is racism genetically determined?
Why does one person earn more than another?
What are the effects of a coma on the body?
Why does a pineapple have such a strange structure?
Is green energy the solution for the increasing population?
Shall we keep asking (scientific) questions to (scientific) questions?
When will we be able to colonize other planets
Is felling trees / nature the solution for the shortage of space for homes?
How or how can we be sure that a quark, for example, is the smallest particle that exists?
What Stops Finding a Cancer Drug? Intelligence shortage or funding shortage?
Would there be a planet in our universe just like ours?
Is suicide in the genes?
Is it possible that in the future we would discover a substance that you can use not only for the development of technology, but also for medicine and economics, without it being harmful to nature or humans?
What will be the new 'ultimate' building material for our buildings and structures?
Why do psychological problems arise?
Will it ever be possible to create a new world on Mars?
Is the global warming problem solved if we all become vegetarian?
Does the same global economic system have public support?
Can you really catch up on sleep?
Who or what keeps everything (galaxies, planets, nothing) in place. How can the infinite universe now have reference points?
How do we ensure more greenery in the area?
Do certain actions "in the name of a religion / religion" still have much to do with religion or do they misuse that denominator to justify their actions?
Can you avoid nightmares?
Will there ever be a world where everyone lives together, without racism?
What else can we do for people living in poverty?
Is there an opportunity to freeze and revive people for years?
What will man, if it still exists, look like in 2000 years?
How can we meet the needs of the increasing population without affecting the Earth?
Will there ever be a good way to process / recycle plastic?
Why are the letters j, g, h so rarely used in mathematics? Why does everything always have to revolve around damn a, b, x and y?
Why do most men who have a beard usually have 2 small bald spots left and right under the lower lip?
Will our world ever get too small?
Will it ever be possible to teleport?
Will it ever be possible to send / receive signals to or from other planets?
Why can't a curved postcard turn over by blowing underneath, but instead, she will suck herself against the table?
Does the planet Nibiru / Planet X exist and what will be the impact on Earth?
Isn't the concept of entropy time-reversible (or CPT)? Is rise in entropy not used to determine cosmic past? Is the phrase "universe entropy rising" valid?
Can you prove that any natural number can be written as the sum of 3 triangular numbers, 4 quadrilateral (squares) and general n n-angular numbers?
Is it known how many injective paths of length 2n exist on an infinite grid from a point to itself? And from one point to another? And on a finite square grid?
Is there life on the moon?
Could it be interesting in the future to store radioactive waste in space or on planets?
If we ever pollute the earth in such a way that the plants and algae become extinct, is there another way to oxygenate our earth or is life on earth no longer possible?
why can't more children care for the elderly in this society?
How can we combat poverty?
Can technological developments have a positive impact on the effects of global warming?
Which correct path should we follow to end poverty?
What if all the bees are extinct?
What if there are no more trees on the earth?
What if there is no more water?
what can we do to counteract the clearing of the rainforest.
Are we alone?
Why would you commit suicide?
Can we rebuild monuments destroyed by wars, terrorist attacks, ...?
Do we have enough institutions to accommodate young people with psychological problems?
How can we ensure that our children have a bright future?
Will we ever be able to travel (travel) to Mars or other planets?
Can we make the waste mountain smaller?
How long can you survive without sleep?
How are we going to tackle global warming if not even one of the most influential people on earth believes in it?
What / who is God?
Can you control your own dreams?
Can poverty be eliminated or is it a problem that will always persist?
If there was an opportunity to freeze people and bring them back to life after years, for what / what purpose could this be applied?
Can we as human beings control what we will look like in 2000 years?
Why do we have 26 letters?
Can we (ever) move to another planet?
Does a person ask too many questions?
Is there a person like myself still walking around somewhere in the universe? Do doppelgangers exist?
Will it be possible to continue living on our planet?
Is it possible to supply the whole world with energy with green energy sources?
Are siestas healthy (er), like they do in other countries?
Can we 'keep' the environment in our own hands?
God: why do people believe in something they cannot see?
Can dreams come true?
Is there / will ever be an anti-aging remedy?
Will global warming have a major impact on the appearance and future of animals and plants?
Will suicide ever stop?
Will we live longer and longer?
Why are 'green energy sources' called green? Do these only have benefits for nature?
To what extent does sleep affect your performance the next day?
How can we encourage every individual in society to commit to the environment and convince them that they can make a difference?
Can dreams tell you a lot about yourself, your mental health?
Is it useful to let people live forever?
Will all the ice on Earth melt? Wasn't this ice destined to melt?
Should we open more institutions to accommodate young people with (psychological) problems?
Doesn't living longer (of humans) have too many bad consequences for our planet?
Will the extermination of the world population ever be necessary to counter the "destruction" of the world?
Should we always perform? Why does man always / often have the idea that he / she has to perform?
Are we as human beings not too busy with 'living longer' etc. instead of taking care of our earth?
Does the need to perform directly affect suicide rates?
How long does it take to overcome jet lag?
Why are they all C-amino acids?
Where do viruses 'hide' in the summer? In winter everyone is sick (flu, bronchitis) from viruses, in summer nobody. Viruses have to hide and feed somewhere in order to reproduce in winter?
Why is the book often better than the film?
Will holography be used in everyday life in the future, such as at school or for calling?
To what height can you find insects in the air?
What is artificial intelligence (AI) and what will it bring us in the future?
What is still needed to generate and store sustainable energy in a 'sustainable' way.
The economic impact of Breastfeeding: more advantageous compared to formula.
Will we soon be driving more than 1000km per charge with an electric car?
Can cancer ever be eliminated from the world?
What means of transport will we have in the future, so that we can move over a long distance even faster?
Can science ensure that children with disabilities or hereditary diseases are no longer born?
During the Ramadam, Muslims are only allowed to eat after sunset. But what about Muslims living in the North, where the sun sometimes does not set?
In the future, will it be possible to move over a long distance in a very short time via hyperloop, as Tesla boss Elon Musk claims?
It has been proven that the use of a bicycle helmet can reduce skull / brain trauma. Is it therefore not advisable to sensitize the population and if necessary. make the bicycle helmet mandatory if it can make such a difference?
How did astronauts sleep during the Apollo missions in the lunar lander?
Is it possible in the future to print a real heart with a 3D printer that you can really use as a heart? If so how would that be possible and when?
Why are there so many planets? 1 terrestrial (with Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars) and 1 gas giant (Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune) would make more sense.
How is it that 'wild' plants (e.g. horsetail, doe, ...) can grow so fast, and that our 'cultivated' plants need so much more time to grow and are so loved by snails ...
Can we slow global warming by painting our streets white?
Can the rise in sea level (global warming) be reduced by retaining rainwater on land for longer? How much water should that be to compensate for the melted land ice, is this possible through artificial lakes and seepage ponds?
Would it be possible to help people with Alzeimer get back memories or parts of them? If so how?
Is it possible to literally freeze someone alive and then bring it back to life 100 years later? If so how?
Is it possible to make a pill that actually has the food value of a supper? If so, how?
Can I generate electricity myself using gravity and a turbine like in a windmill?
Can dead matter be turned into living biochemistry? When does one speak of "life"?
Do computers ever solve our answers?
Introduce pupils in primary education to science. Would this spark their interest?
Is there still enough diversity in outbreak diseases?
Are there still enough positive reports about science in the media?
Is the cause of the disease outbreak the import of exotic plants or fruits?
How can we still fill all vacancies in such a dynamic region?
Will we ever know how far we really are?
Is it possible that stars and planets are the same as the nucleus with its electrons and that we are the smallest link in a much larger whole?
How can I decide who really needs help and who doesn't?
is there life in the universe?
How can I best water hard clay soil?
Which religion is the least violent? what is common between the different religions?
Why do we live? What drives man?
Does E.T. for real?
What is the use of snot?
How are we going to process the waste from the solar panels?
Does war in a virtual world incite violence?
Would agriculture still survive in Flanders if agriculture were no longer supported?
How can science guarantee the integrity and authenticity of media?
Why is cancer so difficult to cure?
Can we avoid road signs and tail lamps by fully automating transport?
Why do children grow up so fast?
Is mandatory birth control possible?
Why exactly does time go faster as you get older?
Will war not only get worse thanks to technological advances?
What can we do about energy waste?
Why are hydrogen-based vehicles so under-promoted?
Can we find solutions to neutralize nuclear waste?
When will we stop useless shuttle movements to eg. Brussels?
Are electric cars the solution for both health and the environment?
NGS in humans: should we all be perfect?
Has it already been determined what happens when a person experiences something (in itself a psychological fact), how it is stored in the brain cells (something physical) and which then continues to exist as a memory (again psychologically)
Is the use of earplugs unhealthy?
Can a pharmaceutical industry work without patents? Are they necessary for sufficient innovation, investments with our economic system?
Is it desirable that we extract metals and raw materials from the deep sea? Is this more environmentally friendly than land-based extraction?
Will there be a time when we will be able to communicate with our pets?
There are many marine organisms that have specific properties. Can we also use the Flemish biotechnology expertise to extract new medicines and active substances from these marine organisms?
What is needed to better map marine biodiversity?
Are excessive safety margins applied in determining the expiry dates?
What is the impact on the marine soil ecosystem of soil-disturbing activities such as fishing? And what percentage of the bottom may be fished at what intensity or with what method to achieve good environmental status in the North Sea.
How do you convince our population to use less plastic packaging?
How can poverty be tackled?
What effect does the sea air have?
Can the effects of certain diseases on a body be detected for the diagnosis of diseases?
What are the consequences of antibiotics in the diet? via animals? in milk, meat?
Will there ever be a way to go above the speed of light?
How long does a bread rise?
How is the perfect turf there?
Are the roads in Belgium poorly maintained?
What does a municipality do with the money from the payment car parks?
How does a new cancer treatment come about?
Will antibiotics eventually ensure complete resistance to bacteria?
How can we treat people with respect and empathy?
How can we make elderly care more attractive for bachelor students - nurses?
HOW can we filter plastic from the sea?
What role does diet play in the development of cancer?
How can we make the electric car affordable?
Will electrical energy ever disappear completely?
To fight cancer, can less research on the cell but more on its environment be done? How can the immune system and its reactions be understood?
Will the waste mountain dominate the world / man?
How do food intolerances arise in such a short time?
What is the cause of baldness?
Can our joints handle our long ages?
How can a society based on the constant supply of incentives be kept liveable for the average person?
Are there enough alternatives to the raw materials on Earth? (e.g. food, oil)
How did pheasants evolve?
How important / healthy is intermittent fasting as a remedy for the obesity epidemic and for a healthy life in general?
What is the cause and what can you do about system mastocytos?
In an atom, electrons orbit the nucleus. Everything consists of atoms, but the world and other planets also revolve around the core = the sun. So are we also only an "atom" of a larger whole?
Can we find new solutions for packaging etc.
Can there be a financial intervention for hypnosis that is used in science?
what is the connection between rheumatism medication and heart problems
How will Flanders tackle the "unsafe" roads?
How can we avoid conflicts with terrorist organizations in the future?
Is religion a determining factor for terrorism?
Can bacteria serve as doping in sports? If so, how will you determine whether this bacterium is not a 'natural resident' of this person?
How do we solve the problem of antibiotic resistance in bacteria worldwide?
What role can biotechnology play in fighting cancer?
A lot of research is being done into the recycling of plastics. What are the possibilities of natural plastics? more research? necessary?
Can we continue with the current cultivation method?
How can faith be made more attractive?
Why are fewer and fewer people believing?
How far do the possibilities of nanotechnology extend?
How does domestication of animals affect the animals themselves?
Is falling in love chemically-biological in an in-vitro environment?
Is the Yacon plant cultivable in Belgium, if so, does it still need to be genetically modified?
How much meat can we eat per week so we don't exhaust ourselves?
Is the one-child policy a good solution for overcrowding?
Does communism work?
Will green energy be optimized soon?
Where does the best drinking water come from?
Can't we generate enough current with our tides (currents)?
Is nuclear fusion a solution for global warming?
How does agriculture affect the greenhouse effect and are we aware of it?
How long will it be before we come into contact with extraterrestrial life?
How can we get people to garden more and eat vegetables from their own garden?
How far are we in cryology?
Is there still enough green in Flanders?
Without ordinary scientific knowledge, where can ordinary people turn to with questions about gut flora?
Will ever-evolving medicine remain affordable for human health?
What is the effect of pollution of our oceans on our drinking water?
In a 'hunted world' (time is money) where everything has to be done faster and more efficiently, how can we ever find peace and not head for a burnout?
is a passive house actually better for the air quality in our houses?
How can renewable energy be more widely used in Belgium?
What is the danger of using GSM, I-Pad in children (ever younger)?
Why is it impossible to measure histamine intolerance?
Can garbage from humans and industry be taken out of the earth?
Why does an egg harden when you cook it, but it doesn't liquefy when it cools?
Why do we have to wear sunglasses against bright sun and what are good sunglasses?
Can make your infrastructure multicompatible eg. the road that can easily change to a track?
How can particulate pollution in Flanders be permanently resolved?
How dangerous is a car's exhaust?
How can agriculture make better use of the available CO₂, N₂, sunlight, rainwater, etc.?
Can we design a simultaneous translation from, for example, English to Dutch for disabled people who watch TV and cannot read?
Can industrial areas be 'stacked'?
Can we make snow at 20 ° C or is there a substitute for snow?
Which policy instruments are most effective and efficient to prevent plastic pollution of the ocean?
Can a label contribute to the promotion of the short chain?
How do we create a less displacement-intensive economic system and society?
How healthy or unhealthy is cycling in a city with a lot of air pollution like Brussels?
How can we ensure (internationally) that all companies (including multinationals) help pay (through taxes?) To build the society in which they are active and bear the benefits?
Where is the language mastery in the brain?
Why are some people narcissistic?
How can a kilometer-long bridge (suspension bridge) survive with so much weight of cars etc. on it?
How are we going to get all the plastic out of the sea?
How long are we going to be able to stay on this planet?
How can we combat the emerging loneliness?
Why only give blood if you are 100% healthy, do not take medicines, etc.?
How can dementia be prevented?
Can / should science interfere with religious issues?
How can we provide sufficient renewable energy for everyone in time before the reserves run out and the air is no longer viable?
How is it that scientific arguments in connection with climate change not enough to make sustainable choices by politicians, industry and individuals? Lies B. (43 y.)
How can we get politicians to build fair trade relations with developing countries?
How do we motivate teenagers to also volunteer?
How can social exclusion be better prevented? Hilde T. (63 y.)
How can we make inclusion of the most vulnerable in our society more socially supported? Hilde T. (63 y.)
How do we achieve environmental sustainability? Jan S. (55 y.)
What is the exact state of the cancer research today? Cathérine M. (24 y?)
How can you preventively detect the signs of burnout early? Lara G. (24 y?)
Why is EDS (Ehlers-Danlos syndrome) so little known to GPs and specialists?
Why is it that the energy consumption of small self-employed is disproportionately high compared to other consumers? Glen VDM (23 y.)
Which areas on earth are not yet connected to the world? How come they have no idea of the internet and telephony yet?
How can my children grow up in a world without too much trouble from climate, humanitarian, ... problems?
How do you teach children responsibility?
How can we reduce the amount of CO2?
What will our world look like in the future?
How are students best evaluated? Point system, different pace per student, etc. ...?
What is happiness?
How do you efficiently reduce the heat island effect in the petrified cities / neighborhoods?
The recently discovered black hole is endangering Earth?
Why do we like chips so much?
How can we stimulate the planting of trees? Perhaps more employment, better for the environment, water management and climate, 'use forgotten corners?
Can enlightened despotism be a sustainable way to run a country?
Is the legalization of society, the hardening of morals, the disappearance of pity, ... a worrying evolution or is this a swinging movement (historical perspective)?
How many years will it be before we can live on Mars?
Why has no EDS (Ehlers-Danlos syndrome) medication been found?
How do we save the Earth (overpopulation in Asia and Africa)?
Do electric cars indeed emit at least as much particulate matter as cars with a combustion engine?
Can organic food feed the world?
Why do ducks throw 'strange creatures' out of their nest and chickens raise all strange creatures?
Is it true that in the ground we never change, that as we age our character becomes even more pronounced?
How can we best coordinate nature conservation and sufficient food production?
What about the liveability of our climate? What about the future for our (grand) children?
How harmful are microplastics? And if harmful, how do we deal with that pollution?
How can we contribute constructively to conflict resolution in war zones?
How can we ensure that biodiversity (bees and insects) is preserved?
What is the most important sport or healthy eating?
How can we make people live together better? Is this possible, for example, by setting the same goals?
How green is the production of green energy really?
Once and for all: what is better, water from glass bottles or plastic? How to easily explain this to a wide audience?
Which is best? Adapt to exotic plants that grow here or just resist them and thus maintain the current native plants?
How do we solve the mobility problem?
How do we ensure that 'healthy' becomes the norm?
Why are some people introverted and others extroverted?
Will man be able to evolve in such a way that he / he becomes resistant to diseases?
Are there more burnouts than before? If yes, why?
How is it possible to measure the amount of histamine in food?
Has the first immortal generation already been born?
What is the material that is on the collecting plate of a steam oven after you have steamed fish?
Can we manipulate memories from the outside and on a very large scale?
How do we get the population moving again?
When will a male pill come on the market?
How come your hearing deteriorates as you get older?
Can't a GPS be implanted?
When will a cure for cancer come?
Is there a danger of contacting extraterrestrial life?
When do we all drive self-driving cars?
How can deaf people be heard music?
What is the function and importance of property from a social point of view?
Why is it that people who feel mentally ill also feel very physically ill?
Is an energy island interesting for Belgium?
How to better communicate with the deaf?
Why does the past fade so easily?
How can we in the West efficiently help people in need of poverty?
Why don't we learn from our past mistakes?
How does falling in love work?
How do I know if I see the Milky Way?
How does love work?
Why do people enter into a steady relationship?
What is the importance of C in the soil and its global increase in the fight against global warming, erosion and improvement as a production factor in agriculture?
Why do people in misery still want children?
Working together and living together: Does compassion disappear? What is / affects the feeling? How can we reverse this by other images?
Why does a person have so much stress?
Why is the equality of men and women so difficult to accept?
Is fully renewable energy production in our country theoretically possible taking into account current consumption and regardless of the cost price?
How can we save the world's biodiversity?
Why is it so difficult to give birth in humans compared to animals?
Isn't it time for a new leap into our democratic system, which takes into account the fact that ill-informed people can make ill-considered choices?
How far can we go with the development of technology without harming human relationships? For example, people will take fewer and fewer initiatives themselves.
Why is a human baby so vulnerable and helpless? Was this also the case in prehistoric times?
Why don't octopuses communicate?
Human evolution is still ongoing; what will the future bring for "man"?
Is it wise to keep your own native plant species and supplement them with species that can enrich our biotope?
Do we ever evolve into a species superior to humans, and what characteristics will it have?
Why do certain vegetables do / do not grow well in a certain substrate?
What motivates people to move? Rewards, nudging, wearables, ...?
Why are the stems of certain plants so fragile and how can we protect them?
Why do snails eat your plants and not the weeds?
Can we find inspiration in nature for new AI algorithms (in addition to ants, neural networks)?
Why is science no longer communicating about the negative health and climate effects of eating / producing animal food?
Is it a health benefit to grow your own vegetables "organically"? No chemistry!
How can we protect ourselves from bad air?
Why does man still emit body odors?
To what extent will virtual reality and augmented reality replace real contacts? How many people (how many%) see this as a real alternative?
Are extra parks and trees in a city sufficient for better air?
How important is our consumption pattern for the quality of our environment / environment?
How does information technology contribute to the softening of society, the disappearance of pity, the hardening of morals, ...?
What is the ratio of emissions between cars and water transport?
How can you build a healthy and stress-free life in a big city with children?
How should education be adapted / reorganized to make children work more creative, multidisciplinary, problem-driven, ...?
Why does the food label not explicitly state when it contains fructose?
What is the role of a teacher when children determine their own study path?
How can a healthy environment be created with fewer incentives (social media, etc.)?
Will there be water scarcity in Flanders? If so, what measures should we take to prevent / prevent this?
Will air quality improve substantially if we ban all cars from the city?
Which plants help most to get CO2 out of the air?
How can the city purify the air?
Are children healthier in the countryside than in the city?
How important are basic skills like correct writing and mental arithmetic if every computer has a spell checker and calculator?
To what extent will technology not increase unemployment? Especially when technology makes everything more efficient and the population continues to grow?
What will the future hold for my children and grandchildren?
Have certain areas been recovered from a complete clear-cut? Is there a point of no return? If so, what, where, when, ...?
What will our life look like in the future (in terms of school, family, ...)?
How do we get lactose from the milk for lactose-free milk?
Taking into account global warming, can we control and influence our fauna and flora and thus counteract the consequences of global warming?
Why do children "grow" out of a lactose intolerance?
How can we ensure that we treat everyone equally while taking into account differences between people? Where is the limit?
How do you design an office that makes people move with pleasure during office hours?
How should the debate on the ecological and ethical impact of genetic engineering be conducted?
How can we preserve our individuality without falling short of others?
Why can children only really be tested for allergies from the age of 6?
Why are so few people awake from the drinking water problem that will arise now and in the future?
What are the applications of microalgae in electricity production?
Why is medication so expensive?
What effect does particulate matter have on the nervous system of children? Does it make them hyperkinetic?
Do we need religion to keep our society organized?
Can science find a solution to problems such as depression, burnout, dementia, ...?
What will social security look like for my children?
What makes sense of our lives?
Do animals also have feelings? Do they know when his are slaughtered?
How long can radioactive material be stored without causing damage to the organisms
Will alien life discover us and take over the planet?
What was there for the big bang?
Is all medical science (knowledge) communicated to ordinary citizens?
Is there another planet people can ever live on?
How much human interaction do we need? What influence does interaction with robots have on our well-being / feeling?
Why does Dumoulin (cyclist) suffer from his intestines from 2000 meters?
Will snot from the nose ever disappear?
To what extent will we be able to contribute to a better living environment ourselves?
If there is a medicine for 1 specific disease, is it used?
Why is cycling (or sports in general) so addictive?
Are human clones viable? (lead a normal healthy life)
Is cycling healthy for the back (bent posture)?
Is there an alternative to plastic that is attractive and easy to use? Can its use be imposed in order to replace the majority of all plastics in the super brands?
How can we evolve into unpolluted oceans?
What influences do artificial insemination and / or artificial development of embryos have on the quality / health of the babies that develop from them?
Can you scientifically test which sport is best for your frame?
Is a nuclear trip out of this century?
Why are results more important than people today and should goals be achieved that are not always realistic?
Can plastic be made degradable in the future?
Can we still make Earth a healthy planet?
Can plastic ever be replaced by a natural material?
What will be the evolution of aquaponics versus conventional fishing?
Can we implement a universal recycling standard in Europe or even worldwide?
Are subjects given at school that promote living together?
How can we provide our own energy as a family?
The world revolves around an economic engine. Is increasing the cost price the solution? More alternatives for distribution goods possible?
The more automation / robotization there is, the more we get the feeling that we can now add extra things manually that we previously did / could not do due to time constraints?
Is the digital world safer than the real world?
Please resolve the legal framework to make it possible to apply alternatives in practice to generate energy.
Isn't facial recognition a safety solution?
Is food production at sea?
Is algae cultivation the solution to the food shortage?
Can the animal species cope with these new temperatures on Earth?
When Will the Ice Age Come?
Can an autoimmune disease be recognized in the early stage of life or a susceptibility to develop it?
Can we adjust food production so that food is available everywhere and in all circumstances?
Is organic food healthier?
How long do we have to count on nuclear energy as the main source of energy?
How can we spread the population more?
What is life?
Would many dinosaur species still not be found?
To what extent would it help to reduce CO2 emissions?
Could barter exist again?
Can you predict how humans will evolve?
What do we do if bacteria that cause diseases in people become resistant to the available antibiotics?
Can micro-organisms be used to tackle the plastic problem?
Can the sea ever be "clean" again?
How far can the human body go to continue to improve world records?
Shouldn't we go back to the seasons (vegetables, fruit) instead of consuming it with food from distant countries?
Until what age can you become a top athlete?
Can you be more healthy in the future without exercising?
Is the birth control of the population necessary in the short term?
What is the total annual cost of science, including committees, control committees ... Denise VW
How can we better reuse material? or develop biodegradable material?
How does poverty start?
How can we still read texts from 1000 or even 2000 years ago?
Does sport affect your mood?
When do we all drive electrically?
Do higher studies also provide better well-being?
What will change in our body in the near future?
How do I avoid cramps in my arms?
What can the poor do to earn more?
How did people deal with the possible problems of a multicultural society in ancient times, the Middle Ages or the Renaissance?
How can we work preventively against the effects of certain diseases?
How can we keep our brain healthy?
How long do we continue to believe that electric cars are the solution?
How was knowledge spread before large-volume books could be printed?
How can the Belgian fishing fleet best evolve to meet the challenges ahead?
What is the relationship between people and the energetic fields that surround them? Do they influence each other? What are the consequences?
Can we reduce traffic jams in the cities through a different kind of intersection?
Asparagus gives a special odor to your urine. If water can be made from urine, does this special smell end up in the water?
How accessible is a 3D printer to the general public?
How will real estate prices evolve?
How did universities (centers of science and knowledge) originate?
How corrupt is the government? Do people realize how much they do behind our back and how heavily we are brainwashed by the media?
Why do fish stocks recover in the North Sea and not in the Irish Sea?
Should humans save extinct animal species?
What about the energy measurements in humans and link with the tolerance of food? Can this be recognized in classical medicine?
Why was Latin the main language of mass and the Church for centuries?
How did parliament and the senate emerge as a form of government (in Belgium and many other countries)?
How are we influenced by influencers in our daily lives?
Were there ancient lawyers?
Is global warming just something of the modern era or has it been bothered before?
Why do lawyers wear gowns?
Are we going to have to move away from the traditional vlles / fish / protein replacement diet to feed everyone? What are the possibilities?
Is there extraterrestrial life?
Where do we get pesticides from? Why do they persist?
What role should politics play in tackling malpractice (child labor, discrimination, ...) in the supply chain? Which rules and / or laws can be used for this?
How can science make certain sports better / easier?
How do we combine nature and fishing at sea?
What is the influence of radiation and extensive use of all kinds of WiFi-linked means on our health, mind and / or brain?
Why do some people have a better immune system than others?
Does sleep deprivation lead to daytime fatigue problems?
What would be the result if we could go above the speed of light?
Does our gut flora make us healthier?
Why are there three hands? and can this be reduced to two?
Will time travel ever be used?
What is the maximum speed that a person can handle?
Are footballers overpaid?
Why does America set the month for the day in their date?
Does the time go equally fast for all organisms?
Is public transport a solution to the traffic jam problem?
How do you save the most in the store?
Why does it take so long before a new cancer treatment is started in Belgium?
Will there be cars in the future?
Are agrobodies a solution for resistance of bacteria?
Does pricing affect buying behavior rather than health? In other words, would levying a sugar tax encourage people to buy less soft drinks?
Why can disabled people move better in water?
Which influences play a role in the development of a patient's frame of reference?
When I look at the sky, what is further than my eye can see?
How can patients with certain diseases be better monitored?
How does the principle / mechanism of motivation in the study choice of 18-year-olds work?
Why is healthy food more expensive?
Is there a relationship between the amount of certain foods that you take in and the development of cancer?
What are the genes responsible for hereditary cancers?
Are electric cars a good solution for the sustainable use of mother earth?
How can we use 0-point energy to produce energy?
Can western medicine break free from duality thinking?
Can electricity be replaced by another form of energy?
Are we all copycats?
Can we influence each other's immunity? This is already happening with partners, but can it go further so that the immune system can improve?
Is man by nature a herd animal or a loner?
Why, with all of today's technology, we still have an island of rubbish floating in the sea.
How do we know if aliens want to communicate with us?
Is food intolerance heritable?
Can baldness ever be combated?
How can we combat food waste?
Are multinationals sufficiently engaged in manufacturing high-quality long-lasting products?
Can a technology be developed to bridge large distances on its own?
How harmful is radiation from Wifi?
What does the person of the future look like?
How can genetic engineering improve people's immune systems?
Are exams useful?
Can sleep deprivation lead to (serious) diseases?
Why does one person sleep better than another?
How can we get young people to make a good choice of study when many young people's brains are not yet fully developed?
Is it ethical to make genetic changes before birth?
Is it justified to give inanimate objects artificial intelligence?
Is there a chance that humanity will die out due to robots?
What is the use of digitization?
Is it true that more and more people are developing an allergy?
Will people ever succeed in processing plastic (biological or recycling)?
What contents, teaching methods, working methods, ... can pupils and students lead to abstract (mathematical) thinking and problem-solving skills? Can statistically substantiated research identify good and bad practices?
Can our planet still be saved?
Is biomedical research possible without laboratory animals?
How can more research be done into rare diseases?
How will AI affect employment?
How do we avoid unnecessary food transport for economic reasons, perhaps stimulate the local economy at correct prices?
How do you get people out of their hyper-isolation?
is it justified to colonize other planets as a solution?
How can we receive migrants in a human way without the economic pressure on the local population?
How can we offer people in Third World countries a better future?
Can the space be used for energy production?
is long-term storage of large amounts of energy possible?
When you film, or take a photo against the light, the light is refracted into a hexagonal shape. Sometimes you see several hexagons in a row. How come?
Why are we dying?
How did the food originate?
Are there other creatures in our universe?
What is the effect of breaking fingers on our joints?
there is a world other than the earth where living things exist
How is it that one man goes bald, the other gray and women only go gray?
What is goosebumps?
Why is there such a thing as "style icons" and do we need to follow them?
Are there other planets on which lives exist? soy which planet?
How do we ensure a better civilization?
Is an electric car more or less harmful to the environment than a combustion engine, if you take the entire life cycle into account?
Can the whole world get its energy from sun and wind?
What is the effect of the 24-hour economy on psychological health?
Why do we sneeze?
What effect does the economy have on our body?
Do alien life forms resemble humans?
How long can we stretch human lifespan?
There come yet another kind of animals in the sea
Can we do without nuclear energy to meet our electricity needs?
How many look-alikes does a person have?
Do alien life forms resemble humans?
Does hypnosis make sense, except for medical reasons?
Can science bring data directly into the brain in the future?
If the Alien's exist, how will they communicate with each other?
Can science later directly erase data from the brain such as trauma?
Which battery technology will REALLY enable wireless energy?
What makes people different from other living things?
What is the origin of life on earth?
Can energy be obtained from streets covered with solar panels or energy from rivers from the power of water?
Are we not wrong with home delivery and collection, such as bol.com, zalando etc.?
Is a teleportation device feasible?
Should road infrastructure be expanded or traffic congested to avoid damage to public health?
Can we reduce diabetes by adjusting our lifestyle?
What are all costs related to increasing traffic (health, quality of life, concentration, ...)?
Why are we still in capitalism?
Is necessary medication becoming nothing for the "rich"? What about the "poor"?
What about waste processing?
What is really sustainable?
How is it that the average Fleming is less concerned about the loss of biodiversity and the decline of nature than the average citizen from the surrounding countries / regions?
Why are all genetically modified crops in Europe stopped? Wouldn't we be able to limit many environmental problems with certain genetically modified crops?
Should we stop global warming or accept the fact that we are at a time in the history of the earth that we have nothing to say against?
Can parcel deliverers not drive red diesel?
In Germany, a dramatic decline (76%) in flying insect biomass has been observed over the past 25 years. What is the impact of this on the functioning of ecosystems, and the insect predators and predators in this?
How can we internalize the external costs of pollution?
Will new beliefs arise?
How do we teach nurses students to put patients and concerns first, and to see the administration as a means to continue?
What possibilities are there for building new infrastructure faster and cheaper?
How does the "war" between beliefs affect the world? (prosperity / economy)
To what extent can nanotechnology be applied?
What are the (expected) consequences of rewilding in areas in Europe / Flanders where agricultural land use has recently decreased or disappeared?
What is the effect of genetically modified vegetables on human health?
Why is nuclear energy bad?
Why does the government invest far too little in the expansion of the public infrastructure, knowing that it has a positive impact not only in terms of mobility, but also in terms of pollution?
How does a blind person experience nature?
How can we provide sufficient drinking water on the globe?
Could radioactive waste be dumped in space?
What will be the ecological consequences of a continuation of the present / future European agricultural policy?
Can electric cars offer a solution for everyone? Is this feasible at all?
When do you know if a truck is overloaded?
Why is the storage of energy, as electricity, not economically viable in the future?
What can we do against the dark web, for example? Can this be controlled?
Is there life after this life?
Should we oblige children to do an internship abroad during their secondary studies?
Are all animals descended from dinosaurs?
will packages ever be delivered with drones?
Is it necessary to predict human evolution?
Are there too many rich?
How can we see the nursing student feedback as help to grow in his learning process?
How come flying insects don't seem to have a sense of orientation?
What is the right balance between letting go and steering?
Is the waste that alternative energy sources also reflect? What about the solar panels that no longer work within 10 years?
Can phage therapy help keep our brain healthy?
will self-driving cars solve the traffic jam problem?
are there too many cars delivering parcels?
If we could go above the speed of light, what influence would it have on the laws of nature?
How can there be enough differentiation in primary school so that handsome children remain sufficiently motivated and get enough challenge?
what can we do to make the learning process / experience better for many study programs? Can we limit the administrative part a bit?
How was speed ever defined as m / s?
Is time the same in every universe?
is carpooling the solution?
How can we expand underground car parks?
how many cars does the existence of public transport save?
Can we bring about teleportation?
Is changing working hours (one week starting at 8 hours, another week starting at 9 hours) a solution to the traffic jam?
Why does chemotherapy and other treatment / medication cost so much? Where has ethics gone with the pharmaceutical industry?
How can a patient really be involved as a partner in healthcare?
How to cycle safely to work in Brussels
Can a student's choice of study influence further choices?
Is greed eradicable?
Is there a sustainable short-term solution to the energy problem?
Can deeper and unimpeded research be conducted into zero-point energy, cosmic energy?
Can we fight cancer from a different angle by looking at the meaning of the tumors?
Can research be done into the self-healing capacity of our body?
How can micro-organisms be used to break down waste?
Air quality, is sports in the city healthy?
Why can't I go to sleep on time?
How do we ensure that other talents of children are also addressed and not only focused on technical skills (being able to count, read)?
What is happiness in the future?
Does a long-term vision / implementation dictatorship score better than a democracy in terms of change - eg climate change?
Can biotechnology adapt plant and animal nutrition so that they no longer cause intolerance?
Does democracy benefit from a "citizen exam" to earn the right to vote?
Will food be completely decoupled from plants and animals in the future?
What can we learn about policy in history?
How can we narrow the gap between rich and poor worldwide?
Does Western man think that everything can be made without nature avenging itself?
How do fashion trends emerge and how have they evolved over time?
When do men get bald?
How can we encourage students to go abroad more for study or internship? What obstacles are there?
Is a globe without men / women possible? Which scenario is most likely? A globe with only men or a globe with only women? What are the advantages and disadvantages of this?
How is it that so few people want to commit themselves to policy, even though it affects their daily lives (always a quest to fill political lists)?
To what extent does the economy have an effect on our lifespan?
Is there any chance that a teleportation machine will be invented in the future?
Why should a teleportation machine exist?
Can new types, more natural energy sources be created with the help of science?
How safe would a teleportation machine technology be?
Is there another planet like Earth?
What is the cause of traffic jams? infrastructure? behaviour?
How is it that religion in different regions (continents) can have a different impact?
What does it take to gain knowledge about giftedness in classroom practice, so that more gifted children receive education that suits them?
How can we protect people from the overflow and acceleration of the information flow? What does it take to teach people how to deal with this?
What are the effects of radioactive material on organisms?
How will we be able to transport humans in large numbers to other planets?
Can we deal with the increasing information flow in the education of young people?
What does it take to make people happy?
Where or when does the discontent of man lie?
Are we up to a new 'Swine flu' or 'leprosy' - vaccines are not readily available?
What is the evolutionary benefit of a neuro-atypical brain?
Should we no longer engage in aquaculture to secure our food supply in the future?
How can we contribute constructively to conflict resolution in war zones?
What is the added value of high sensitivity from an evolutionary perspective?
How can more people become more tolerant towards refugees?
What will remain of our culture and society in the future? How can we ensure that future generations have insight into this?
How do we avoid that (too many) people cannot follow the rapid digital evolutions?
Is there a digital world?
Climate and adaptation - digital adaptation - ...: is this an individual and / or a global problem?
Should we live in a digital world? And for what percentage of our time?
How does digitization and automation increasingly affect the positive evolution of humanity?
Is there a chance that no more employees are needed to do the job?
Is an IKEA bed better than an expensive bed?
Can beds be recycled?
Why don't you know anything when you sleep?
Does life on Earth come from space?
Are there organisms on the moon and are they adapted to these living conditions?
Why do chemo and nolvadex continue to work years after administration or after ingestion (for me now more than 3 years) and why are you not informed of this and why is there no solution?
Why is Belgium expected to resolve all suffering in the world and give all people the same rights without effort?
Are there other planets with the same O2 and N2 and other gases that make life possible as on Earth?
Could we create a livable atmosphere on an uninhabitable planet?
When is sport unhealthy?
How to combat urbanization?
What does stress do to young children?
Why does a heat pump remain much more expensive to purchase than a gas and fuel oil boiler? Is this technologically more complex or market driven?
Isn't there a danger that we place animals at the same height (or higher) than humans?
How come people weigh less in the water and can move better?
How can the problem of deep sea exploration be solved so that people can go to the bottom of the ocean?
What does gaming and tablet use with young children do? Does it affect the brain?
What about self-determination in human suffering. Incurable diseases / euthanasia?
When and how will science study the healing effects of music?
Does Medicine Lead to the End of Humanity?
Will my / our quality of life decrease (in the future)?
Why is so little attention paid to the usability and beauty of medical devices? Time for medical design!
How can we prevent man from destroying nature further?
Gaming has often been put in a bad light. However, some games are very logical and gaming can contribute to certain skills. Can you also highlight the positive sides of gaming?
Is it the aim of science to study something about the healing effects of music?
How can music improve my quality of life?
How can coral be saved in the world?
Is it ecologically and economically feasible to ward off all diseases?
Can science advance clinical studies of music therapy?
How important will China become for Belgium and Europe in the coming decades?
Does music not affect my health?
Has the presence of microscopic plastic particles in the human body already been determined, and what are the possible consequences of the presence?
Can science advance clinical studies of music therapy? if yes, how will science choose the studies?
To what extent is it ethically / morally responsible to intervene in the genetic make-up in humans and at what point in the life course?
There is great consensus among scientists about certain matters, such as climate change. However, this is still often ignored. Could a system be conceived in which this becomes impossible and yet remains within the limits of democracy?
How can the influence of music on health be measured?
Will there be a mixture of biology and technology in the future?
What if everyone replaced the daily coffee pot with a thermos green tea? What effect would this have on health?
What have older countries or traditions in music therapy already studied?
Doesn't intervention in genetics stop natural evolution through deviations / adaptations?
How can measurements of music on health be performed?
To what extent does genetics make people more and more like machines?
Can a cure be found to kill all malicious viruses and bacteria?
Do we need to keep every species? Can we make a selection?
Is keeping pets environmentally responsible?
How can we convince policy makers / politicians that preventing climate change is a priority?
What is the value of subjective experiences (in terms of music and health)?
Why no more tunnels to solve the traffic jam problem?
Can renewable energy completely replace fossil generated energy?
Is there a benchmark on music therapy worldwide? For example in the United States or Canada.
When is an experience considered objective?
Why is there an urge to live longer, when there are so many age-related diseases?
Is the cost of our pensions at the height of aging really too high to bear? How large is the pension burden compared to GNP in other European countries?
Is there a benchmark on music therapy in Africa or Asia?
What dangers threaten our personal environment?
Why would alien life be threatening?
Does the silver fund still exist? If so: what's in it. If not, where did it go?
Would a comparison between Nada Yoga and Western music therapy enrich the debate?
does the residential base and low interest not have a negative effect on the price?
Is the findings of the pension committee taken into account enough to implement reforms, or has it now become purely political matter?
Are batteries, in order to store electrical energy, not polluting in themselves?
Is it possible to give everyone the same pension?
How can the problem with ears popping on the plane be solved?
Can we learn from the relationship between mindfulness and objective experiences?
when are the oil wells going to be exhausted?
Is a world without waste possible?
how can we make everyone contribute to an environmentally friendly environment?
are the prices of houses pushed up by real estate agencies?
Is particulate matter only an issue in the cities?
Can science provide a universal translation machine (all languages and dialects worldwide)?
Is a world without particulate matter feasible?
When will driving on hydrogen become possible for the average person?
Can we recycle better?
Is it possible to ever get a definite answer as to what is healthy or not, given the genetic and surrounding variety.
Is it possible to find a solution to recycle nuclear waste?
Is nuclear radiation energy? And can something be done with it?
Is ventilation type C with grilles in the windows useful if there are super insulation standards for the house itself?
Can neo-liberalism just add to social justice in a particular scenario?
Can Science Reduce Aircraft Travel Time?
How can alternative energy sources be made affordable?
The relationship between social (in) justice and sustainability: how far does this go?
what can we do for better animal welfare?
Would we ever have accepted the car if we knew beforehand that it resulted in x deaths per year?
Why are we looking for more and more extraterrestrial life similar to ours?
How do we change the mindset of car drivers so that they start driving less?
How sustainable is electric driving (bicycle-car)?
Is it really necessary to worry about the animal world? Animals disappear but new species are also discovered every year.
Why is it ethically responsible to conduct experiments on animals?
Are animal rights sufficiently protected in our current legislation, or should we go further?
Why do we want us to be taken care of (good hospitalization, high wages, high pension), but do we not care for the older generation?
What is the impact of plant-based eating on our Belgian country?
Is the pharmaceutical industry not hindering the development of new affordable medicines?
How can aliens influence and improve our growth, technology, world structure?
What is the purpose of curing diseases? Immortality? What about overcrowding?
What kind of music provides relaxation and rest?
What kind of music provides energy and gives extra energy?
How can we learn to provide basic needs for ourselves?
Given the higher life expectancy, will social security still be able to bear all medical costs? Should we no longer focus on personal responsibility in terms of health?
Are there any alternative energy sources?
How can we provide basic needs for all people,
Should more research into medicines be done with public funds instead of profit-oriented pharmaceutical industry?
What are the basic needs that must be met for every person to feel happy in his life?
What would the comparison between Nada Yoga and Western Music Therapy teach us?
If sports are so healthy, why not develop a sports pill?
What is the Milky Way?
What conditions can map a position, debate on poverty policy?
Is the further development of AI a threat to humans? Should there be stricter rules on this or should we go for full progress?
Who is "everyone"?
What is the definition of disease or therapy in Western and Eastern traditions?
How are crop circles really created?
Why are biodegradable packaging no longer used?
Could we help other people by knowing the relationship between mindfulness and objective experiences through IRM?
Does working independently of time and place not always cause more alienation from your own colleagues and does this benefit efficiency?
Is there any other energy source than dihydrogen (H2) to use as the main energy source to build an economy around?
How will the height of Asians evolve further?
Are Eastern countries (such as China) taking over the world (power, economy, ...)?
Why can't every village organize a local market with local merchants / products every week?
Would birth control be a solution to overcrowding in some countries?
What does the mixed breed look like?
Are applications useful?
Are we ever going to let a living soul travel to another galaxy? And how?
How do we get all the plastic waste out of the sea? And what can we do meaningfully to process it?
What will our world look like in 200 years?
Should we focus on the goal of getting humans into space in large numbers?
How can independent research be organized, without influence or conflict of interest of "sponsors", new research methods?
What can science mean in education reform?
Who stops us from massively extracting, storing and using CO2 from the air?
How can you best irrigate plants?
How are people brainwashed?
Is it an option to plant more trees in Flanders? What is the effect of an area of trees on climate / microclimate?
How can we use renewable energy (solar - wind) on a large scale at times when they are not produced?
How is the retirement age justly determined?
How can we best grow plants that use as little water as possible?
What are the criteria for a healthy living environment?
How do we find a connection between the different religions and the social behaviors that flow from them?
Can't more research be done on dementia?
Why don't we help the refugees?
How can you quickly and efficiently detect bear odor (from a male pig) on the slaughter line?
Do yogurts with active bifidus succeed in getting bacteria into the small intestine?
Why are they not researching diseases that the pharma industry is not researching because it will bring them nothing?
Could it help to reward a healthy lifestyle?
What makes humans unique with regard to robots and A.I.?
Can a general anti-cancer drug be found?
How do we deal with A.I. who can create / manipulate image and sound in such a way that it seems real?
What do we mean by 'work'? Is being a housemother 'working' too? And shouldn't she be compensated for this?
Is it true that the melting of the poles leads to less reflection and therefore more warming?
Should offside (football) be abolished?
Are we going to travel to another planet soon?
Are the products you buy in a short chain, actually safer (no residues of sprays)? Have these products been sufficiently checked?
How can we make procedures for refugees more human?
Does the Loch Ness monster really exist (or did it exist)?
Why doesn't the government recognize that there have already been successful treatments with cannabis (even if it is pain relief)?
Why are airplanes still making so much noise?
What if a new kind of person evolves?
Can we create food in a planet-friendly way?
Are we the disillusioned alien life that never comes to visit ...?
Is the problem of overpopulation not with overconsumption?
Can snot be used as a renewable energy source?
Why does a house have a roof?
How can we achieve a balance between nature conservation and building space with hotels and flats (tourist areas)?
Why are our droppings not (yet) used as an energy source?
How can we ensure that people spend as much of their last year of life as possible on the place and with the people they want?
Why do different cultures still exist?
Why is there so much war between different cultures?
Is there any point in collecting waste at a private level or is this just a pin in a haystack?
To what extent are we unnecessarily frightened by the media about problems that in reality have little effect on our lives?
Should minimum / maximum numbers be set up to help / receive refugees?
Does the fact that a courier now delivers parcels to neighbors more often than before indicates a certain change in mentality?
Can we resist ourselves against outside influences?
Do local amplification systems for GPS exist in tunnels?
Is total clean-up a good thing for the environment?
What solutions have run out as the water supply while the population is increasing everywhere?
Why are there so many health insurance funds in Belgium? Don't all the sick have the same needs?
Is man himself a possible source of energy? Can't every kind of movement we do be "won"?
What can you do about the plastic in the oceans?
To what extent is the Thorium power station already on the point?
To what extent will aging affect future generations as the baby boomers reach retirement age?
Why do they put so much money into the commemorations of the W.O. instead of investing that money?
Are there other organisms that can improve / help our life / system?
Will it take a long time before a vaccine against diseases such as malaria is released?
Can we find the cause of autoimmune diseases?
Why is there no drastic solution for the work-life balance?
How can we get people excited to look for people in their own street to help them with small things? Eg shopping for older or sicker neighbors, babysitting, bringing hot food, doing small repairs, ...
Is organic always a healthier alternative?
What are archaeologists' bases in discovering a number of objects, what people's lives used to look like?
Why can punctures still occur?
How do you distinguish varieties scientifically?
Should religion be banned?
Is there a need for 'life cycle analyzes' (impact from raw material to product on the environment) to interpret Jan met de pet?
Can we get people to put a healthy environment above profit? (ethical)
Why is Europe so focused on ecology when Eastern countries, for example, pay little attention to it?
Can computers, robots, virtual agents, ... in the long term take up autonomous general tasks (eg buttler) as support in the household, welfare, care, ...?
Can the pharmacy industry be compared to NRA (National Rifle Association)?
Should one live if one is completely demented? What is the quality of life in dementia? What do people with dementia perceive?
Can there ever be a complete 'cradle to cradle' society?
Can we ever find an alternative to antibiotics?
Is global warming a "reset" by Earth to secure its survival?
Can we feed the ever-growing crowd (world population)? How do we tackle overpopulation?
How can the negative impact of man on his environment (environment, pollution, ...) be limited?
Are there major differences between countries that organize their economies capitalist versus communist and their contribution to the pollution of the earth?
Can dementia be cured?
When will teleportation become possible to solve traffic jam problems?
Do we really have to connect everything with everyone in the world? Does globalization have limits?
What are arduous professions?
Can we genetically manipulate bacteria in such a way that they will no longer be pathogenic?
Many migration problems arise from war in a country. How can we ensure that this senseless violence never occurs again?
What would be the ideal training schedule for a healthy life? Not the sports standard, but the ideal?
If we cure dementia, will the patient still be functional / back?
Is there scientific evidence against god?
Which measurements / tracking are necessary to predict / adjust someone's health?
How will home automation, ... still go?
How does having or not having exams affect the students and our future?
Why is someone with dementia considered "non-functional"?
Why do municipalities still allow the public to get onto the course at cycling races?
How can you improve / tackle bad management of your organization if the cause of it is with your direct manager?
Why do cyclists (other athletes) regularly die of heart problems?
Are exams useful?
Are students not demotivated by exams?
How can science ensure that less plastic is produced?
What can science do to solve inequalities in the world?
How do you achieve a healthy balance between work and family / relaxation?
How can we go in a management system to a system without a manager, but where everyone is given responsibility for his / her task?
How do we detect Epo / doping?
Improve sports performance over time (eg high jump). Will this also make us healthier?
How do we solve traffic jams? Intelligent vehicles?
Can science conduct research on the human brain that enhances values such as respect and tolerance?
How can migration be facilitated?
How can you make your manager aware of good leadership (management) as much as possible?
What can the country do against air pollution?
Which came first, the chicken or the egg?
Is living around a nuclear power station unhealthy?
How can you arrange a room in an apartment so that the neighbors are not bothered by the noise?
Are there methods within management systems where executives rotate?
Is working in a port (eg Antwerp) unhealthy?
How can we reduce the use of plastic?
How can we reduce the use of kerosene on airplanes?
Do recent technological evolutions influence our behavior towards each other and in society?
Can we ever really live on another planet?
Does food (food 20 years ago, meat, ... fat, fries) affect all contemporary diseases (such as cancer)?
Are we going to be able to make (new) discoveries in the pyramids thanks to current / future technology?
What can man and society do to preserve biodiversity in the future?
Can warfare / militancy be filtered out of the human genome?
Have there ever been evidence that the United States government has covered up Roswell?
Is it possible, without special screens against the wall, ... to go to a completely soundproof room in the setting of an ordinary living room for example (nuisance neighbors)?
Why solve traffic jams through tunnels? Can't we put more research into better and more efficient methods?
Technology and knowledge are taking the place of brutal violence, yet the figures for domestic violence and sexual violence are not falling. How come?
How will we be able to transport people to other planets in large numbers?
Why does one have to be 100% healthy to be able to give blood? For example, one cannot give blood if one takes medicines for one thing.
How can people find meaning in an increasingly religious religion?
How does music stimulate the brain? What influence does a musical parent have on the development of his / her children?
Why are scientific reports often ignored by policy makers?
How do we ensure a healthy work-life balance in this busy, hectic society?
Does technology help our health to improve or not?
How can I prevent dementia?
How can we slow global warming and reduce environmental pollution? How can we preserve our world and make it even better?
How can Belgium become 100% green energy dependent?
Is intelligence hereditary or dependent on upbringing?
How can we make 'normal' society accessible to people with disabilities?
How do we pick up on domestic violence and can we properly support children who are victims of it?
As an adult, will we ever learn back as quickly as we do in our early years?
How can we reduce the number of burnouts in young people (20-30 years)?
Do musical genes exist?
Which test can we use to best determine the risk of cerebral haemorrhage?
Why is there no exchange system for unused still usable medicines?
How are we going to ensure that victims of the domestic world dare to tell their story?
We only know a fraction of the microbial world, how can this biodiversity be mapped out as well and as quickly as possible?
Given that we are going to live closer together, can we make people interact more tolerantly?
How can we avoid pesticides in food production as much as possible without sacrificing productivity and quality?
How can we contribute to slowing global warming at home?
What are the consequences on the educational career of young people who are confronted with domestic violence at home?
Can antibiotics be developed against which little or no resistance can develop?
How does a disabled parent affect his child?
How did life on Earth come about
How can we break the taboo around domestic violence and stop the perpetrator faster?
How can I monitor my standard of living and work part-time?
How can music be incorporated into trauma processing / therapy?
How much will the sea level rise in our North Sea if global warming increases by 3 or 4 °?
Why is there no compulsory first aid training in the 3rd grade?
Can a painless and safe alternative be developed to replace mammography to detect breast cancer preventively?
How do we discuss domestic and parental violence in schools, for example?
Should I feel obliged to become a vegetarian?
What are the consequences of domestic violence on the dire life course of young people?
Do euphemistic names make sense? For example "person with a disability".
Can't we use computer models to predict when a car or plane needs repairs rather than taking them out of service for a check often?
Do I have to feel obliged to do all journeys by bicycle or public transport?
How can we reduce our ecological footprint?
What is consciousness? Can Artificial Intelligence Algorithms Emulate Our Consciousness?
How can citizens stimulate research into commercially less interesting medicines (rare diseases, everyday ailments, ...)?
Why does man dream and maybe also certain animals?
How do you, as a citizen, know which of your own actions is doing something? Blind (?) Believe in moving a bit in the river or can we ever measure the effect of our own actions, prove it, for sure?
Plants absorb the gas carbon dioxide in order to grow and develop. How is it then possible that the concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere will nevertheless increase?
What influence did the government in Rome have on the inhabitants of the provinces (Gaul, Hispania, Germania, ...) in the first centuries of our era?
Can we develop an alarm that gives a signal when someone has too high feelings of stress?
Why are seas salty and most lakes not?
Why are airplane tickets cheaper now than 5 years ago?
Do cryptocurrencies like bitcoins have a future?
Why is the debt of Western countries so high?
Will Trump serve his first term?
Why is 200 +% government debt accepted in Japan and why is this country not imploding?
Will the customer service of telecom companies ever work properly?
Does federal Europe stand a chance?
Is it possible that the sun is absorbed by a black hole?
Muslims are only allowed to eat after sunset during Ramadan, but what about Muslims who live in places where the sun sometimes never rises or sets?
Which cryptocurrency will dominate over the others in the future? Bitcoin, Ethereum or another?
How much economic damage has Trump wrought so far on a global scale?
Why is it so difficult to find a cure for cancer?
Which type of meat substitutes is most likely to become established? Insects? Lab meat? Counterfeit meat based on vegetable raw materials?
Is the use of hormones in meat harmful?
Is solar and wind energy production in Belgium cheaper and more ecological than nuclear energy?
How far are we in the research on HIV?
How much water does my banana tree need?
Are there more people with a gluten intolerance than before or is it just a hype?
Will Mars colonization succeed by 2033?
Are meat substitutes healthy?
What is the effect of screens (mobile phone, tablet, TV) on (small) children?
What is the most efficient aid for developing third world countries?
Which farm animal breeds are best adapted to climate change?
Which varieties of plants are best adapted to the changing climate?
How do we solve the waste problem?
What stops us from switching to 100% renewable energy in Flanders?
How do you design a political system that puts the long-term interest first?
Why is belief (belief) difficult to reconcile with science?
Is it possible in the future to live on renewable energy only?
Is every virus harmful to humans?
Is it possible that the sun is absorbed by a black hole?
If the axiom that we all learned in mathematics, namely that two parallel rights collide in infinity, suddenly turns out to be incorrect, what would this change about the world?
There are so many languages and language groups that are so fundamentally different from each other (languages without grammatical gender versus m., V., O .; tonal languages, completely different words). Then language must have originated in different places? Likewise man?
How is it that primal people have never suffered from inbreeding? Surely the first communities must have been very small?
If people can be born blind, are there people who are born with a wider visual spectrum?
When will all the petroleum on Earth be used up? What happens then? Which alternative will you start using?
Why is it that with age - I am 70 years old - the man on the one hand loses his hair more and more, but on the other hand it is noticeable that eyebrows get longer, bristly and the hair in the nose and ears gets longer and longer
How can we keep our ponds and rivers free from exotics and intervene earlier, intervene before the species becomes invasive?
Is it possible to develop a device that converts greenhouse gases into oxygen in order to combat global warming?
Many cities show examples of efficient public transport. How do we make the transition from inefficient solo transport to collective transport in Flanders (the transition seems very difficult)?
How much English can you learn by watching TV or gaming?
When are you bilingual or multilingual?
How many words does a person know on average?
When do you "know" a word?
What would happen if we eradicate the mosquitoes? (This question was made possible in part by 20 mosquito bites on my body.)
What came first the chicken or the egg?
Can robots become smarter than humans?
Windmills produce a lot of vibrations and infrasound. How does that affect the biodiversity of the environment?
How come you hear the sound of windmills indoors at night louder than outdoors?
What influence does sleep disturbance or poor sleep quality have on the physical and mental development of children?
What happens when top athletes get to know CRISPR? Will doping become superfluous and will we work towards an elite superhuman?
How long is petroleum (oil and gas)?
Would passenger planes use a different source in the future instead of kerosene (very polluting)? Are there any developments around this and by what year would this be widely applied?
Is it possible that artificial intelligence in the future may compromise human existence? Or does this actually bring benefits to our existence?
What if there are a mole of moles on Earth?
Why are there so many fewer insects than before. The car window used to be speckled with insect residue much faster
Will the earth remain habitable for humans (given circumstances such as global warming, population growth, ...) if not when will this change?
Can we generate energy from the Earth's magnetic fields?
How can we better protect ourselves against flooding after heavy rain showers, but in a landscape and of course optimal way?
To what extent can chemically produced lightweight materials help solve the major challenges of climate change?
What is the use of useless knowledge? (Question posed by A. Flexner, co-founder of the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, one of the most renowned institutions for fundamental research in natural and human sciences)
Who are Laozi, Kongzi and Mozi, the three most important Chinese philosophers with a contribution to the world that Chinese President Xi Jinping quoted in a lecture for the College of Europe in Bruges?
Can we still find new types of dinosaurs in Belgium?
How can the universe expand faster than light if the highest possible speed is the speed of light.
Can growing more plants clear hunger from the world? Animals are living things and demand more from our planet than plants, so ...!?
How do children and young people experience adoption?
Do children and young people have a say in foster care?
How can we package food ecologically?
What effect does air pollution have on our children?
What could be a solid alternative to the manhole covers in the road and on bicycle paths?
Is cycling in the city really more harmful than in the countryside? Should we all wear a filter?
Can chemo also be good for your body?
How does the wind arise?
Why does the water in a shower flow straight down? Can't we think of another way to shower?
How can you sleepwalk?
How can animals lay eggs?
How does gravity work?
How can you go through the atmosphere without a racket without dying?
Why can't people talk to animals?
Why can't plants talk?
I know that there is nothing behind the universe and that the universe is always growing, but what is behind it? Nothing?
Could man ever fly like a bird?
How old could man ever get?
How big is the universe?
How do the trees make oxygen from CO2?
How did I start?
How tall can trees grow?
How big are clouds?
Why can't you be the life of a robot?
I want to be able to talk to trees. How?
How can cancer stop?
How can you reduce traffic?
How do you keep a wide audience informed about what is going on and what is going on in science studies?
How can you stop the wars?
How can you stop the violence over the world?
How do we ever get all the waste out of the sea?
How is it that some people are poor and some are not?
How can you make sure everyone has a smile?
How can you ensure that substances that are not good disappear?
What exactly are animals?
How small or large can an adult tree be?
How can we ever fly ourselves?
Can you swim in space?
Why are stars stones?
Why does a cow give milk?
Why can't babies talk?
How can you really help poor people?
How did the sun begin?
How did the universe originate?
How do we live forever?
Why does almost everything have feelings?
What if the Earth warms too much?
Why is sugar unhealthy and cucumber is not?
Why can't you drive a car with your brain?
Why can you be allergic?
Can you live on the moon?
How is the world, the sun and so on created?
Why are some animals not bothered by mosquitoes and flies?
to human science: there is a universal explanation of human rights, but is there also a universal explanation of human duties?
How is it that an ordinary ant cannot bite and a red ant can?
How come water is so heavy?
Where do the colors of a rainbow come from because the sky is only blue?
How is it that so many Walloons have trouble with (speaking) Dutch?
Why don't we promote veganism better? Is it better for the environment, for the animals and for our health? Why is veganism not given priority over animal products?
Afrikaans sometimes sounds funny, sometimes childlike, ... Do South Africans think so too?
Democracy is already questionable in politics (participation) but is sometimes hard to find in other areas such as in the family, school, work, the sports club, the hospital and much more. How did that happen?
What is the difference between an animal and a plant?
Do people also belong to the animal world?
How did the Big Bang come about?
Are all people with the same surname in Belgium related?
How did the black hole come about?
Why are there children who don't like cow's milk?
Will fleece (pulls, blankets, ...) be banned in the future? (Due to the microplastics released during wearing and washing)
How do we make our society plastic-free?
Will there never be plants again?
Will there ever be something that stops you from combing your hair?
Why do people look so different?
How is it that a (good) massage can do so much good?
What makes leaves fall from the trees?
What impact have the mass media had on politics throughout history?
How did the current relationship between politics and mass media come about?
How have politicians tried to influence the mass media throughout history?
Has there actually been a 'mediatization' of politics throughout history?
What role does 'media logic' play in politics?
Is the relationship between media and politics in Belgium different than in other countries?
What is the history of the relationship between media and politics?
What are the exact consequences of a concussion?
How can we cure post-traumatic migraine?
How can we possibly cure celiac disease in the future?
How can we cure muscle tension headaches?
What influences the development of language? When and through what have dialects taken on a life of their own? Was there originally the same Dutch language? Which things or events cause changes in the language?
Why does thorium receive so little attention in the energy debate? Is it a fully-fledged alternative to current nuclear reactors? Are they already operational? Can a current reactor use thorium or be kept open until the arrival of thorium?
Recently, a sound clip circulated on the Internet in which some people heard 'Laurel' and others heard 'Yanny'. Do people who hear 'Laurel' visit an ENT doctor for a hearing test?
What if several people find a correct algorithm for stocks and bonds?
What damage is done to the brain during lifelong use of antidepressants? If it is true that neither antidepressants nor psychotherapy cure depression, how can one get rid of major depression? Does antidepressant make you fat?
We increasingly hear that pesticides will be taken off the market. How will we control weeds from ornamental gardens in the future?
When does an (unborn) person have a soul?
Is it unhealthy to eat from plastic bowls (for adults and children)?
Can the integral calculation of the sound curve during manual blood pressure measurement provide a better view of the cardiovascular risk in low-risk patients?
Does the massive installation of solar panels on the roofs of our houses in Flanders affect the behavior and living conditions of our (garden) birds?
How can we stop the explosive increase in the world's population in an ethically responsible manner?
Why is language so diverse? How does man deal with this diversity? And how has man dealt with it in the past?
To what extent are we heirs to the past? We claim, for example, that the cradle of our civilization is in ancient Greece, but to what extent is this correct? Are there no more differences than similarities?
Why has the number of insects not only decreased in the countryside, but also in our (allotment) gardens?
Will man ever be able to travel at the speed of light and thus explore space?
Could the deterioration of some species (eg house sparrows, hedgehogs) by breeding them in captivity and then releasing them back into suitable biotopes be stopped?
What is the cause of fibromyalgia and chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS) and how can it be cured?
What will the person of the future look like?
Were there previously barriers to speaking different dialects? If so, how were people dealing with this?
Is Greece really at the basis of our Western civilization?
Why is "language" so diverse?
Did Europeans consciously take diseases to South America, Australia etc ... to "conquer" those continents through biological warfare?
If you make a bowl as big as possible with your hands and fill it with water, this is apparently the exact content of your mouth, is this something that comes directly from our evolution?
How come a honey buzzard can just destroy wasp, bee, ... nests and then eat the larvae without being mortally injured?
How is it that music has so much influence on our emotions.
Why does music encourage people to move / dance.
Is it possible to prevent cancer by ensuring that genetic mutations in DNA can no longer occur or are quickly repaired.
Why are thinking and acting sometimes very far apart?
How is the quality control for products made from recycled materials?
Why do legs hurt after waking?
The skin of some fingers seems to burst open. How can more fingers become curved and hurt?
How can the state of fine muscle tissue in a human body be seen and determined? Not the surface muscles, but the deeper muscles?
Is there an investigation into artificial life (ALife) in Flanders / Belgium?
What is hate? How does it come about
What are they waiting for to include French-speaking Flemish authors such as Emile Verhaeren in the "Canon of Dutch literature", I mean Dutch, not Dutch, from the Low Countries. The DBNL does do this.
Is it not possible to provide a kind of quality label for training, education, training centers, books?
How do dreams come about?
within what timeframe could brush cutters, blowers and all motorized implements and vehicles be silenced?
can we redefine the concept of 'progress' using errors and successes in our human history in order to achieve real progress that benefits everyone.
How come the buildings of the Romans and Greeks are still there, and we often stop renovating 50-year-old houses? Shouldn't we build like in ancient times? Robust, meaningful and elegant?
How does a language influence our thinking?
Is the pace of expected global population growth in the coming decades a cause for concern from the point of view of the well-being and prosperity of the world's population?
how can we synthesize the positive elements of capitalism and communism?
Is it possible to print a heart or other organ with a 3D printer and really use it as a working organ? If so how and when would this be possible?
could we update the concept of intelligence and, by extension, update intelligence tests?
shouldn't we also revise our opinion on the emergence of an internal conscience around the age of 10 to 12? or rather: refining the concept of conscience?
The air is 78% N, 21% O and, among other things, 0.03% CO2 is said. During the day, green plants absorb CO2 via photosynthesis and release oxygen. I would think that the% oxygen is higher in the summer and lower in the winter. Is this correct ? And what about deforestation?
Where did that come from that gave rise to the Big Bang? How come there is something that then led to a big bang?
Why is the ink for my deskjet printer so expensive? € 3000.00 per liter.
Have there been multiple Big Bangs before the famous Big Bang?
By what diminishes a tick's response to bite an individual?
How much world population can the earth handle?
How do autoimmune diseases such as psoriasis develop?
When does an (unborn) person have a soul?
Can war be eradicated?
What influences the development of language? Or, what things or events cause changes in the language?
Why have we grown so tall and are the Dutch the tallest people?
Where is the surplus electricity generated in large power plants?
How do cats know that an alarm will ring and why do they often wake their holders earlier?
Can residues of, for example, pesticides remain in wine?
Is black intelligence rising?
Are all living things getting more and more intelligent through evolution?
How can women aged 30+ still increase their fertility compared to the 26+ who are at the top of their fertility?
Why do people continue to drink alcohol even though it is bad for humans?
How can the migration problem strengthen our education?
What positive effects can more creativity in education have?
Can a child be born more intelligent if it is stimulated as a fetus in the womb with all kinds of things like music, language science, etc.?
What reasons are there for not implementing the minimum wage in Belgium?
Do animals have a consciousness?
Is what we refer to as spirit or spiritual (not mind as a being) a result of evolution?
Is empathy hereditary?
Is everything that exists, either "matter generated from energy" or "energy generated from matter" as a successive "eternal transformation"?
Is the concept of "god" created by man?
What are all possibilities to achieve things with the power of the brain?
Can we know how music sounded in the Middle Ages?
Can my body radiate heat? Can anyone else feel that? (even if you don't touch each other) I myself don't feel warm at that moment.
Why do you always have to urinate when the alarm goes off? If you continued sleeping, you wouldn't pee at that time.
Now that everyone is banking online, how safe is our money just a 4-digit code, can't hackers find it?
Do men smell harder than women?
Is matter theoretically infinitely compressible or is there a limit to it?
Would understanding certain 'exotic phenomena in quantum mechanics such as entanglement benefit from an approach from the dynamics of open systems or network thinking?
Is there already an explanation for the pause phenomenon (silent gap) during a blood pressure measurement?
Why does one person suffer from cigarette smoke and another does not?
What is the fastest speed perceptible to the human eye?
Can a person trot as fast as a person walking, and if so, how long?
How can liars be recognized?
Will man ever become immortal?
It is said that everything on earth has a reason for existence ... if this is correct, what is the use of man on earth?
What is a sense of humor?
Are people who laugh a lot happier than people who laugh less?
People drive in a street with a speed limit of 30 km / h and there is a speed camera. What happens if one passes the speed camera with the car backwards over the allowed speed (ie in reverse). Is the front flashing?
What can be done to properly insulate a house against low and very low bass (frequencies in the range 0-100Hz)? With what equipment and measuring method can you measure these noises and check the sound insulation of existing homes?
Which animals are sensitive to pulsating sounds, low bass or vibrations? How do they react to this, what effects do they have on them?
Why do people laugh and cry?
Will we ever be able to use seawater for our food
Do you learn a new language as a child or as an adult?
Can you really master a new language as an adult?
Are some languages easier to learn than others?
How many words do you need to know at the end of secondary education to achieve the final objectives of English, French or German?
Are some words easier to learn than others and why?
Is it possible to make the gravity field on Earth disappear?
The sea level is rising. Can't we convert salt water into fresh water for drinking and irritate dry areas on a large scale?
Does artificial intelligence also have an ego? And are they therefore better at giving an answer?
Why is hardly any plastic recycled (thermoplastics)?
How much noise can we handle? Why can the volume knob be opened so far during events that it hurts?
We have been making up stories for as long as people can talk. Even now gossiping, binge watching, gaming, etc. What makes our brains so addicted to stories?
How does soap work?
Will there ever be a Flemish standard language?
The whole world now speaks English. Will that 'English as a second language' ever separate from English from America and England?
Will our population continue to attach equal importance to the use of dialects in the future? Or are we already seeing a decline in the daily use of village and city-related language variants?
How come ice is slippery? The explanation that ice changes into water under pressure (which I learned at school) is not sufficient because ice is slippery even at low pressure and low temperatures ....
Are there masks that effectively protect you against air pollution while cycling?
Is a vegan diet without soy products possible?
How do 3D glasses work? (not the two-color)
Is there a demonstrable link between knowledge of colonial history among the population and attitudes towards people of different origins? Pieter C. (29 y.)
Which professions will disappear in the future due to artificial intelligence? Cedric V. (42 y.)
What are threats and opportunities from AI? Cedric V. (42 y.)
Will AI have an impact on how we will live together in the future? Cedric V. (42 y.)
how can the waiting lists in primary care really be eliminated? Chris M. (45 y.)
How can disadvantaged groups be properly informed about their options so that they can make a realistic educational choice? Ann M. (43 y.)
How can we organize work and society in such a way that the work-life balance is really back in balance? Ellen V. (33 y.)
How can science communicate its findings on the state of our environment very clearly to the general public? Lotte D. (23 y)
Can science offer solutions to increase the liveability of the city through urban agriculture? Gaetan H. (48 y)
Can science calculate a cost of social exclusion? Sara W. (47 y.)
What does poverty in society really cost us? Sara W. (47 y)
Can one calculate the social cost of debt mediation? Sara W. (47 y)
What are levers that ensure that there is real integration? Frédérique L. (34 y)
When can we expect breakthroughs in the field of rheumatism research? Sandrine S. (34 y)
Evidence based policy. Mythe of realiteit? Pieter C. (29 j)
Why is the energy of the waves and the currents in the sea not used in Belgium? Gaeten D. (23 y)
Can science calculate what the minimum benefit should be to still be able to live a decent life?
Will we be able to capture, store and use the energy of lightning in the future? Gaeten D. (23 y)
Can one investigate whether spirituality influences a person's psychological well-being? Elisabeth V. (24 y)
37.8 ° is the normal human body temperature. If 2 people can create 1 person together from scratch, more and more people will be added, including more and more heat sources from scratch. So global warming doesn't seem to stop me. :)
Would man ever live to be 100 years or more on average?
Investigate the correlation of all small and unseen green losses in our living environment and the quality of life (mental and physical health) of the citizens? Koenraad E. (55 y)
How can the moving time of workers be limited as much as possible? Wim M. (55 y)
Can more research be done into the development and background of mental disorders? Charlotte M. (22 y)
How do we as a society deal with robotisation and the challenge in terms of employment?
Humans will live to be 100 years or more on average.
What can we install in society to encourage people to help those who need it?
What are triggers in society that we can respond to to encourage people to provide help?
How can we achieve a plastic-free society?
How can we motivate and mobilize people to live plastic-free?
How can we keep living both individually and collectively and ecologically feasible?
How can we ensure that there is a home for everyone?
How can we narrow the gap between rich and poor?
How can we ensure that citizens make an informed choice in the elections?
Why is legal language so difficult?
How can we simplify legal language without sacrificing meaning?
How do we ensure that science does not make philosophy superfluous?
How can people learn to see the added value of a person with a mental handicap?
How can we break through the we-they thinking?
How can we achieve that people with disabilities get more on TV simply as people without a focus on their disability?
How can we evolve into an inclusive society in which every person fully participates?
How can you live a decent life with an (disability) benefit?
How can you find a great job with a (serious) handicap?
How can we better map out the path people take from poverty focused on process instead of output?
What support can we offer to people with mental disabilities to take control of their own care?
How can we ensure that people with a mental disability are welcome everywhere and not chased away?
Can a fetus experience painful stimuli?
When can a fetus experience pain stimuli?
How can we realize the basic income?
What does an optimal integration process for disadvantaged groups look like?
How come we assume that our infatuation is for all of our lives when we rationally know that it is not?
Do men and women exist as gender?
Does a shadow consist of molecules?
How important is the psychological distinction between men and women in this society?
How do you solve inequality in the world?
How come we still don't have a solution to poverty in a rich country like Belgium?
If it rains, do you get wetter when you walk than when you walk?
Is poverty soluble?
How can we play a role in solving the questions for science?
How can we encourage people with a care and support need to take control of their own care?
Can we combat child poverty with art?
How do we ensure that all sections of society work together to solve poverty?
How can we better valorize knowledge based on experience?
How does unemployment affect health?
To what does science in Flanders pay attention to social justice / division of labor
What influence does art have on people?
How are we going to ensure that we create affordable housing without building full or building high?
How do we repurpose Deurne airport in a sustainable way?
What can be the added value of social work in terms of preventing exclusion?
How can we as a society get started with science? Frederik M. (j)
How do we lower the threshold for asking for help for everyone, not just vulnerable groups?
How do we ensure fair redistribution in the global economy so that problems such as poverty and hunger can be solved?
Can community therapy offer a solution for the increase in mental health problems in Brussels and Flanders?
How can we introduce community therapy as a solution to psychological problems in Brussels and Flanders?
What can we do to raise awareness and solidarity in people for people with disabilities?
How can a prison system limit aggression?
Why is there something and not something?
In a prison system, how can you involve the context more with a view to reintegration?
Does the fact that and more vegetarians affect the sustainability of the world?
How can we ensure that everything is accessible to people with disabilities in the future?
Can you measure love?
How can we recycle solar panels in a sustainable way?
How can we train social work students in such a way that they further develop an empathic capacity?
How can we make people look at each other with an open mind?
Is there a link between "sneezing from sunlight" and "coughing from earplugs"?
Can science ensure that people who do not know our language still communicate?
Many authorities recommend drinking tap water instead of. bottled water. When using a water descaler / softener, someone who uses tap water will drink less calcareous water. Does this have a significant impact on daily calcium intake?
How can we renovate homes for people in poverty cheaply and efficiently?
How can we help people in poverty based on broadband theory?
How will you measure impact and draw up indicators based on process logic?
Can you calculate when and how you die (without taking accidents or other accidents into account)?
How long do you survive in space without exploding?
Why do you keep sneezing with your eyes closed?
What is the best way to predict the future and is it fixed or are there different outcomes
What causes the most nuisance on Sunday: cutting grass or motorcyclists?
Why can't a chick hatch when there is no daddy rooster? In my class there is a girl who does not have a daddy and that is no problem. Are dads really necessary? - Zachary 4 years
Why doesn't my best friend want me to play with my best friend because she's steed? Who should I play with then? - Zachary 4 years
Are animals stupid or are they super smart but do they still keep it a secret from us? - Zachary 4 years
How can we optimize the use of vacant properties?
In the event of physical problems, how can we further integrate the psychological causes and consequences into medical diagnosis and therapy?
How can we organize our society (work, school, family, city) in such a way that we can prevent rather than heal psychological difficulties - such as burnout and depression, ADD and schizophrenia?
How can we organize our political system in such a way that policymakers dare to take really bold decisions (instead of aiming for electoral gain)? Such as decisions related to climate crisis, pensions, de-growth, basic income, decent migration, etc.
How can we organize education in such a way that all pupils - with and without migration, from higher and lower social classes, with different orientations, gender, etc. - can optimally develop their talents? Stop throwing away talent!
Health and illness are strongly colored by the values, norms, customs, and roles in which people live. How can we set up our (mental) health care in such a way that attention is paid to this? And thereby prevent drop-out and promote recovery?
Why is one person's handwriting more unclear, more difficult to read than another?
Can we find a product other than polyethylene glycol (PEG) for wet wood preservation?
Can we continue to discharge / process all our waste in the future?
How do we create more nature?
How do we tackle poor air quality?
What can we do as an individual to really have an impact on environmental issues? And why is so little done about this by the government?
How do we solve the allergies when the food remains manipulated and people suffer more and more from their allergies?
Why is there still so much taboo around sex despite the fact that it has received a lot of attention in recent years? (news, social media, ...)
How do I get out of the 'friendzone'?
How can pregnant women be more encouraged to be followed up by a midwife during a physiological pregnancy?
How can we give women more free choice regarding their delivery / work?
How come you sometimes get a shock before you fall asleep?
Why is a divorce taking so long in a dangerous situation?
Why is politics so currupt?
How can man save the earth / the environment?
How do we solve the environmental problem?
How do we ensure equality among people?
How can we measure the influence of inspection (in health, welfare, youth care, childcare, care for the disabled) on the quality of care?
How do we keep AI under control and functional without posing a hazard?
What makes us fall in love with someone, not someone else?
How long does the feeling of euphoria (when winning a victory) last?
Why am I always stung by mosquitoes and my husband isn't?
How will the increasing workload affect people's mental health?
What do our dreams say about who we are?
Is democracy universal and time-resistant?
I have no question now; why is it like that?
Is democracy necessary / useful and what are the alternatives?
Are we ever going to be able to predict someone's daily behavior? (based on genetic factors, environmental influences ...)
How can we bring more connection between science and business?
I am thinking of a future where, as an older employee, you no longer work in paid employment, but work less and also take up social care tasks (eg taking care of grandchildren, volunteering, ...). Is such a system feasible?
How do we get rid of poverty?
Is it possible to make the perfect soldier by removing the amygdala from the brain?
Can robots fall in love?
Why aren't there more natural hair colors?
Why is there life and a universe? Is this really due to chance and a stupid algorithm?
Why do you start to sweat when you eat something spicy?
Is homosexuality the most nature of nurture?
How can gender inequality be tackled in education?
How do we stop global warming?
How is it that people are so easy to manipulate? (for example recruiting IS fighters?)
Why does technology fail at important moments?
Can you see, hear, smell, feel when you are in a coma?
Can you dream when you're in a coma?
Can a solution be developed to remove all plastic from the sea?
How can we as a society and as citizens ensure that our society becomes more prosperous and tolerant?
What about overpopulation in about 10 years?
How can we remove micro-plastics from the food chain?
Could they ever develop vaccinations against cancer?
How can we stop racism?
What will happen if there are too many people to live on the world / earth?
How can we better integrate the psychological side of a physical illness into current medicine?
Why can't people resist hurting each other?
How can we integrate the positive effects of psychedelic drugs in a controlled way to improve people's quality of life?
Can radiation from microwave ovens and mobile phones (antennas) cause the development of cancer?
How can we clean up / remediate soil pollution from chemical pesticides so that we can reduce bee mortality?
Why is alcohol legal and cannabis not, while cannabis can have positive effects on humans?
Why do people yawn?
Can you sustain brain damage from smartphones?
How can we organize more projects, in the light of science, with citizen engagement?
Where are the limits of science?
How can it be that in the 21st century men earn more for the same job than women? How can we tackle this?
Are we also researching other factors of air pollution outside of NO2 (nitrogen dioxide)?
How can we reduce stress in young people?
Do we also conduct research into soil pollution?
Why are all names in science so difficult? (names of nerves, substances, cells ...)
Does a ration of rapeseed meal and beer trot reduce CH4 emissions?
What is the cause of dietary intolerances?
What is the impact of the balance of bacteria in the abdomen on health?
How can one get rid of food intolerances?
If there is a traffic jam at a red light and everyone leaves at the same speed, can everyone just drive forward?
Physics - Special theory of relativity = weird at first for just about everyone who reads about it. Is there another explanation that makes the weird disappear? I myself have found a more logical explanation, but I am not a physicist ...
Is it possible to sustain hearing damage underwater? If so from how many decibels? And is there an animal capable of making us deaf underwater?
Does man become more intelligent? Is there an upper limit? Or have we just gotten better at taking an IQ test?
Do flies have a certain pattern when they fly around?
What can Flanders' share in CERN actually mean in and for the world?
How can the Campine subsurface offer applications in the short term to enable shallow geothermal applications?
Are there eye conditions that can (or can actually) be cured?
What steps are being taken against overcrowding? How will the earth respond when it comes?
what happens when a photon reaches the limit of space-time?
Can we suffocate because of global warming? When it gets warmer, doesn't the air get thinner?
Why are the grounds on which windmills are placed not expropriated? These are always small and relatively inexpensive pieces of agricultural or industrial land. Now we have to subsidize a multiple as compensation every year.
What exactly are the risks and the effects, also in the long term, of cumulative seismic vibrations generated by wind farms on our living environment, i.e. on nature, people, animals and, for example, on our built environment, underground and above ground?
Why don't we install noise barriers along our autostrades that are lined with solar panels on the south side? Thousands of hectares of profit and local residents finally get their noise barriers.
Is a politician responsible for his decisions or are any financial consequences automatically passed on to the taxpayer?
How far can an ice block be ejected by a windmill?
what risks do cyclists and walkers run when passing windmills? Some windmills have signs warning for ice blocks, others you may not even use the road for certain days.
Is nuclear fusion energy realistic in the short term?
Why do people with alcohol dependence have a serious motor disorder (being unable to walk) or a serious cognitive disorder when they suddenly stop drinking?
Does Pauli's exclusion principle also apply to quarks?
Do we need them to have a we - they feeling to survive as a species?
How can I do science in my garden?
Why is the purchase of electric cars encouraged by the government, while electric heating in houses is fined? If one accepts that electric motors are not polluting, does this also apply to electric heating?
Can also use your music and humor as a medicine
I cycle a lot, my question is what does all the shock of the bad bike paths with my back ?? Is there anything to test that because I am concerned about it. I am in good health and not bothered by the back, but can it hurt?
If you move 0, the outcome is always a little different. How do you determine where 0 is placed? How are decisions made?
How did people deal with the barriers dialects used to have?
Why do athletes on a track always run counterclockwise? And do cyclists on the track also cycle?
you see an airplane flying by. is there a mathematical method to measure how far or how high this plane flies?
Can we treat cancer through autologous dendritic cell therapy in which the patient's own immune cells are multiplied and activated in the lab and then administered back to the patient who can use this to fight his tumor.
Attachment has an impact on our self-regulation and how we are in life. Poor attachment is visible in the brain (connection of the left and right hemispheres of the brain). Can one do scans to detect this, such as an MRI or X-ray?
How can we convince Morocco to build an oncology center in the Rif area?
Is (will) be faster than the speed of light?
Can you get used to drinking?
How does mobile phone use affect our brain?
Is it possible to make vintage cars on electricity?
How could you stop or slow down environmental change?
How come people don't know when to stop drinking?
Can energy be even greener?
How can we create extra lanes for cyclists in our current traffic system?
Can Russian dwarf hamsters swim?
Why are bananas crooked?
How can we ensure an independent newspaper or channel in Flanders?
Can you reuse a condom?
Which came first, the chicken or the egg?
What is science (philosophical)?
What is the purpose of humanity? What is man?
Will there be cars powered by air like in Ridge Racers?
Why do we get drunk faster on an empty stomach?
Are there ways to lose weight or gain weight fast?
If rain falls from the sky, why don't the clouds fall from the sky?
Can you also run cars on a substance other than hydrogen?
Can you stop or turn back time?
What is time?
Is it more efficient to run cars on hydrogen or electricity?
Why is hydrogen explosive?
Why is waking up for school easier than waking up for something fun?
How does lightning occur?
How does drink affect youth?
What can science do about global warming?
What does beer do to your brain?
In how many years will hydrogen cars be widely used?
How can we dream things that later turn out to be real?
Why do the medical sector stick to antibiotics and any resistant bacteria control and do not use bacteriophages that have no resistance and are found everywhere in nature. In this way, amputations can sometimes be prevented.
How can we store large amounts of energy so that reactors can always work?
Will the electric car take over the car market?
How can we develop a 0.0% emission filter for cars?
Is there a difference between moist and dry air when it comes to air resistance?
Why do we pay so many taxes?
How can we make life cheaper?
Why can we only use part of our brain?
Can we consider ourselves as a single organism knowing that we live in symbiosis with millions of other organisms and that we cannot possibly survive without them?
Can windmills that are placed in regions with a weak wind profile and that often have to stand still because of the nuisance regulation by placing them close to residential areas, ever achieve an acceptable return or will they remain bottomless subsidy pits?
What is the use of school and exams if you forget everything immediately afterwards?
What was the influence of the introduction of the equality symbol (=) on the development of mathematics?
In which subjects or learning content is the study performance gap between young people of differing socio-economic status the largest / smallest?
Does the puzzle effect really exist?
How does math anxiety arise?
Which teaching methods are best suited for different learning contents, eg in mathematics?
How can a society solve its math teacher shortage?
What success factors made Göttingen the world center of mathematics in the early 20th century?
What is the best basis for establishing contemporary mathematics?
Which breakthroughs in mathematics are necessary for the development of artificial intelligence?
What is the best way to burn fat and carbohydrates? Aerobic (endurance training) or anaerobic (interval training) training?
How safe is our tap water? Why does it taste so chemical? Which substances are contained and what is harmful?
Do animals, by analogy with humans, also know an evolution of their brains, in other words, do they get smarter over time?
How can you, as a consumer, know where your clothing is made and under what circumstances? Can a label be made, or are there other ways to have some transparency in this?
What is the cause of the increasing number of cancers, especially in children? Is it in the air? Is it in our diet? Where's the culprit?
Why is osteopathy still considered quackery? While many people are still helped. Can't tests be done on people before and after treatment?
Why is there no warning on packaging that contains a lot of sugar? Everywhere the salt is so limited, but there is no brake on sugar.
How healthy is milk? Is it true that it is necessary for the calcium content?
How can we optimally design nature areas so that they can best preserve biodiversity, taking into account global warming?
Why is it that people who live by the sea feel better / healthier?
Are electric cars really as environmentally friendly as claimed?
How do we stop the 6th extinction wave?
Is there a reliable and reliable method to determine the CO2 intensity per kilowatt hour consumed? (expressed in grams of CO2 / kilowatt hours consumed)
Are lithium ion batteries the batteries of the future?
For what is the functionalization of biomolecules and the optimization of the covalent and oriented coupling of these biomaterials on (solid) carriers?
Is there a difference in weight between a fully charged and an empty L - Ion battery?
Do the ants sleep?
Has it already been investigated whether in countries where cars drive on the right it would not be safer if the driver were seated on the right and therefore closest to the edge of the road where the weak road users can be found?
Why are the voice announcements on radio and TV at least half quieter than the musical broadcasts?
In human language: what about glyphosate? Impact on the people who produce it? Impact on users? Impact on local residents? Impact on animals and people who eat treated crops? Impact on insects that come into contact with it?
I am a woman, 54 years old, and despite the fact that it is eg 28 ° C or 30 ° C outside, or inside eg 23 ° C, I have goosebumps on my arms and legs, chills. I'm cold!! Strange! I also can not tolerate air conditioning and I can not sweat (get clammy)
Which (simple) tricks really help to combat symptoms of pollen allergies (hay fever)?
If someone calls me with a smartphone and smartphone in the car, I hear it very poorly. I myself still have a very normal mobile phone. Is the latter the cause?
Does my health depend on where I live?
Man can already make (grow) diamonds himself. Can it be expected that the precious metals (gold, silver) will follow? It is crazy that with so much knowledge of chemistry, the alchemists' centuries-long quest has still not ended!
How do we ensure that in citizen science initiatives, not only the voice of the stronger but also the voice of the weaker citizens is heard?
How can we ensure that the interests of more vulnerable people are fully protected in mediation and arbitration proceedings?
How do we ensure that every Fleming knows what his or her rights and obligations are, how he or she can enforce rights and how he or she can be held accountable for duties?
In our poverty policy, do we take sufficient account of the scientific research into the effect of scarcity on people's thinking and actions?
How do Belgians resolve their disputes?
How do we ensure that the voice of the rather weak (or even invisible) groups in our society continues to resonate in the policy process?
How much CO2 is emitted during the mining of gold and is there a big difference with fair trade gold?
What is the effect of prolonged pulsating infrasound (from wind turbines, for example) on humans and animals compared to the infrasound from a waterfall or the surf?
When I'm standing on the beach on our coast and I look at the horizon how much is the distance I see?
How much influence do lobbyists have on decision making? Can you know / measure that?
Why do we look for habitable planets when even the nearest star is too bright to reach in a lifetime?
I notice that people who have survived the Holocaust often live longer than the average life expectancy. Does that seem so? If not, are there things they have experienced that can explain it?
Where does the beauty ideal of a sleek garden with a single-colored green billiard cloth as a lawn and a lot of pavement come from?
The number of questions submitted indicates a healthy curiosity of Flemish people. Can't the Flemish community open a permanent website where people can ask science questions - and hopefully see them answered?
Generating electricity, sending it through the grid and then using it is still much more expensive than using the base fuel directly. Are we ready for the switch from fossil fuels to green (?) Energy?
Are we not still living by the law of the strongest? How do you reverse that?
If you can / want to spend a certain amount for charities, are there criteria that should be decisive?
How do you avoid native animals from being oppressed by invasive exotics?
Can science keep hair from growing beyond a fixed length?
Can science contribute to a more precise determination of the date and time of a natural delivery?
Do insects see in color?
How do a volcano form?
How is a rocket made?
How can they keep our memory healthy and active in later life?
Can blind people see in their dreams?
Will the sun ever perish?
Does the giant shark consist or consist of Megalodon?
Do you need exceptional preparation to become a scientist? How can lay people do their part?
How do painkillers get to the right place in the brain / body?
Will humans keep walking or are we evolving into a species that can no longer walk?
How can we develop tires that can no longer go flat?
(How) can we respect living things and at the same time live on as we do now?
How can we generate energy from meat residues and other waste?
Is there consciousness?
What is the afterlife? Where do we go when we die?
How can we stop global warming?
When does a woman go to transition? Does the pill have an effect on this?
Can we make flying cars?
Is there an opportunity to predict the future?
Which came first, the chicken or the egg?
How can we achieve large-scale affordable conversion from salt to fresh water (just necessary only for the production of drinking water)? Is this also possible at family level, for example?
Why do some people thicken and others not with the same lifestyle?
Why do we always use fossil fuels when there are so many alternatives?
Can we ever live on another planet?
Do animals feel too? How can we demonstrate this?
Are there animal species we can communicate with?
Do plants mainly extract C from the air and N from the soil? Why isn't this the other way around?
How come some people don't want empathy with others?
Why do corruption, abuse of power, incompetence, ... continue to go unpunished in the political world and with governments?
When we buy a food product (even fresh ones), it often contains large amounts of additives. What are the long-term effects of these additives on our health?
Why can some people immediately walk 6km without exercise and others who do a lot of exercise sometimes have more difficulty with it?
Would there be fewer diseases if everyone had to be checked monthly?
Can we return to the past?
Can we still save the world?
Do you really see a white tunnel at the end when you die?
TNT is best known as a sprint fabric. Yet it is also used in the medical world as a medicine against heart disease, annal fissures, ... How is it possible that a product can have several very different applications?
Pharmaceutical companies seem less and less interested in research into antibiotics and resistance to them. How can we encourage research into this in companies? Should the government do this?
Can certain disorders such as psychopathy not be 'undone'?
Why is scalp hair longer than other body hair?
Could we now communicate with aliens?
Can you be reborn on another planet after you die?
How can we develop allergy vaccines?
How can we create a meaningful job for everyone in the future?
Why do some people lose weight faster than others?
Why is water liquid at room temperature?
How is an egg formed?
Like water, mercury is liquid. But what happens if I jump into a mercury bath?
How come one child rapper has mastered a certain sport than other children?
Is it possible to travel faster than light?
How come there are so many people with a disease, such as cancer?
Today, medicine can implant a new lens using a laser to correct our vision, but how can we repair permanent damage to the retina?
Why is medication and treatment of diseases still so expensive?
How will we deal with our labor market in the future?
Where do the planets come from?
Is energy conservation respected in time travel?
How come there are double yolks in certain eggs and can you predict this?
How can you lose weight efficiently and best?
Why haven't we contacted Aliens yet?
Can we produce CO2 neutral energy without nuclear energy in Flanders?
There are a lot of lobbyists (politics, oil, nuclear energy, ...). Can a fixed higher percentage be given to independent universities to limit this influence on scientific research?
Should children with severe mental disorders be killed?
Can we return as animals?
Can a dream predict the future?
Are we able to control our dreams?
How come you remember certain dreams and others don't?
Would vintage cars still exist within 20 years and how will they be equipped?
Is there an economic model that can work without debt but still preserve the freedoms we have today?
Can we have contact with our previous reincarnation?
How can we best deal with workload among people over 50 (and by extension the rest of the working population)?
Can a drug be developed for ichthyosis?
How will we evolve as humans in the future?
Do animals understand what people are saying?
How does a solar panel work?
Could it be that we live again but without realizing that we have had a previous (multiple) life?
Why are some people in the same family either bad at math or just extremely good?
How can fibromyalgia solve (detective and treatment), both physically and psychologically?
How can you raise a child lovingly and what is the best parenting style to raise a child.
What is a healthy intestinal flora for animals (and by extension humans) on a certain diet?
How is man created the way she is now?
How can I make my dax (motorcycle) faster?
Why don't other animals evolve like us?
Can you make a bicycle work using a substance (eg hydrogen)?
How can we make the UN work properly? Does the right of veto not hinder (fast) decision-making?
How can we learn more about the far side of the moon?
Why do we live?
Is there life after death?
We use our mobile phone for more and more things and yet the battery only lasts a short time. How can we solve this?
Why don't we ensure a more sustainable world?
What is after the universe?
Can we make plastics from the CO2 from the air?
Why doesn't the uterus reject the fertilized egg while the body rejects donor organs?
Which sport makes you lose weight the fastest?
Is there another planet with life?
Why do people who are tired sometimes turn curls in their hair?
Why is cannabis illegal?
Why do animals lay eggs and others don't?
How can we increase the absorptive capacity of pampers? Can a detection system be developed (in textile for example) that gives a signal in case of leakage?
How come children grow so fast?
Why is laughing gas (N2O, as a drug) not legal?
How plausible is the existence of a parallel universe?
How can we use raw materials?
Why does tension not flow?
Why do people die?
How can we use robotics to relieve damaged bones?
Why is water blue?
Can some animals lay eggs first and then have children?
Is a lot of scientific research carried out?
Can we make buses, trains and buses more efficient and punctual by automating public transport?
What is being blind?
Why am I color blind?
Why is the sun warm?
How can the government encourage home work to solve the congestion problem?
Why don't we live on the moon?
Is there life on Mars?
Why does my sweat stink?
Is it possible that by taking drastic measures we can improve the world back?
Why is science sometimes less important than money for world leaders?
Why does everyone want to save the world above?
How is it that the myth of the Aliens originated?
Can your body get used to alcohol so you don't get tired anymore?
What happens in your body when you drink too much?
Why do certain people often feel like alcohol?
What is the influence of fitness on young people?
How far can you return in your family tree?
How exactly does a robot work?
How do nightmares arise?
Why don't animals rule?
How does a robot work?
What can we do to stop the famine?
Can we do something about media that, through the spread of aggression and foreigners' unrest, are also the cause of succession by other young people?
How did the world start?
Is there a subsistence minimum for every citizen of the world?
How does a missile work?
Could we ever live on Mars?
Why do you get more good dreams than nightmares?
Will the TV ever become redundant?
What is the carrying capacity of the earth measured in number of people and their impact?
Why does the sun stay in the air?
What does a lamp consist of?
Does the ratio of digestive juices differ in people who lose weight and who lose weight easily?
How can you eliminate poverty?
How do we get rid of hunger?
How does aging affect human well-being and the prosperity of society?
How can we finally solve the traffic jams?
What are the influences of being vegan or vegetarian?
Can we get rid of poverty?
How can we get rid of crime?
What if there aren't enough doctors?
How come wishes come true?
It is known that stress (also as a result of war, poverty, ...) shortens DNA telomeres and that this continues for generations. Doesn't society harm itself in the long run?
Can we make good use of pollution / dust, for example against global warming (as a filter)?
How can we reduce the cost of expensive medicines?
Why make the chemical industry smaller and smarter?
Is it possible to help the poor so they can live like us?
Why is it that not everyone has to check and account for their pocket money (pocket money for care institutions)?
Can a person become immortal?
When will the war be over all over the world?
Can't we organize an international veggie day?
How long will there be fossil resources if we continue like this?
Will there ever be no war at all?
Why can't cannabis be legalized in every country?
What measures could the government take to reduce Belgium's ecological footprint?
Why do so many animals have to die for us?
What drives people to make racist statements (out of hate, not as a "joke")?
Which came first: the chicken or the egg?
How can we make cars that take up CO2 and turn it into air as a kind of photosynthetic car?
Why are there so many different channels on which one can engage in social activities?
What is the influence and consequences of the large refugee flow on Western countries?
Could we still restore the ozone layer? And how can we do that?
When will we be able to eradicate cancer for good?
What if there is no more water? What can we do / can't do anymore?
How can we best deal with the refugee crisis? How do we solve the refugee problem?
When will all fish become extinct?
How can we ensure that people no longer destroy nature?
When will the ice have all melted?
Why don't they impose stricter rules on polluting companies?
How can we switch to sustainable energy faster?
Will nuclear bombs ever drop again?
What are the consequences of legalizing cannabis?
How could we ensure that we have a bit more green in our city instead of all buildings?
Could it be that Belgium is doing less to reduce the ecological footprint than it could actually do because other things are put forward?
Why is there such a strong we-they culture today (eg racism, ...)?
Can we assemble our child ourselves within a few years?
Can we save the world?
Will there still be privacy in the future?
What exactly does air pollution do to your body?
Why would people want to close the borders for refugees?
What if every well-paid person donates 10 euros to poverty, would poverty be almost out of the world?
How can we prevent getting cancer ourselves?
When will all thieves and bad people be gone?
Will water always be present? Will there always be water?
What happened to the refugees in the past?
Will there never be a single refugee?
What if a disease develops that is contagious and they don't have any medicines? How are we supposed to survive?
How many fish are there? And why are fish so important?
Will the Earth ever be so warm that it becomes unlivable?
Why is there poverty and the world is unfair?
How long can a person survive without food?
Is there going to be a 3rd world war?
On the basis of which facts can one still deny global warming?
Is there going to be a nuclear bomb war to destroy the world?
Does the education of a child influence his learning capacity?
How long can we live on our planet?
can you improve your learning capacity or not?
How did the concept of war ever come about?
Do you need learning capacity if you can do what you enjoy doing?
What negative / positive consequences would the legalization of cannabis have on humans (physical, social, ...)? And on society?
Is there any other planet we could live on?
Can you adjust your learning capacity at a later age?
What is the influence of racist statements on a person?
Is homosexuality genetically / hereditary?
How is it that we can learn?
Is learning useful?
Will we still do things ourselves in the future or will everything be done by machines?
Will we ever have to change the planet?
Why do we still forget things?
Will social media make us less likely to come out in the future and live a healthier life?
What is the difference between hypersensitive people and "normal" people?
Why is not everyone tolerant?
Why do some stress more?
How and where does stress arise?
Why do people stress?
How come some people can't get along?
How come men and women are treated differently?
Will there be another cure for dementia?
How come people who don't fit together can still be friends?
When will there be medicines for incurable diseases?
Why do soccer players earn more money than other athletes?
How can some people learn faster than others?
Will there be enough work later?
How is it determined how smart you are?
How can we reduce unemployment?
Why can our brains remember information?
What tools can we use to prevent climate disasters?
Has something been found to live longer but do they not want to show this to the outside world to combat aging?
How long before the world ends?
Why is there never complete peace in the world, why always war?
Why is it that we forget material after a few months, but that we still remember things from our youth that are not important?
Will there be many refugees later?
How do we solve world poverty?
How come people are smarter than others?
Are there any pain killers for mental pain?
How long will it take for the Earth to be uninhabitable?
How are they going to solve the problem of refugees?
Is "cleverness or interests" hereditary?
Will there be diseases like cancer later on?
Will there ever be something through which you can know your future?
How can we help people heal even more?
How is it that we use the animal language eg. cannot understand barking?
How can I stop stress?
How do we ensure that we can fight all diseases?
How can we avoid poverty in our world?
How come there is no machine for talking to animals?
Will people ever be able to go on vacation to the moon?
How can we ensure that men and women are treated equally?
How come animals can feel you emotionally and bond with you?
How can we get rid of racism from the world?
Why are so many football accidents and cardiac arrests happening?
Do animals understand each other, or do they hear each other just as we hear them?
Will industrialization affect employment?
Do animals have their own language, as we have it or do they just do something?
Will it be possible to do agriculture later in Belgium?
Are there also different types of dialects in animal language?
How fast and how much will sea level rise?
Why are there so many immigrants in our country? Why does Belgium give them money through benefits?
Why do I always want to eat at the same time and not others?
If our planet decays, will we be able to flee to another planet?
Will the refugees be able to return to their own homes later?
Will immigration continue to rise this way?
Why does one person like something and another not at all?
How will the world fare?
Do people live without pain?
Why are some people much more hungry than others?
What can we do to bring the population down?
How will the world fare?
Will refugees ever be able to restart their lives in their homeland?
Will there ever be people who are cured of cancer?
Why do we have a different metabolism?
How can we handle money differently?
How can we solve famine?
Will mental pain ever stop?
What determines the nutritional value of something?
Are there more ways (than electric cars) to drive ecologically?
What can we do to reduce the greenhouse effect?
Where do we find enough capital to make a medicine?
Will the children have to study as much later as they do now? Or will it get easier?
Can we live forever?
Why are some people fatter than others by eating much less? So why do some thicken faster than others?
How can we prevent a war?
How do we find more volunteers to sacrifice themselves for scientific testing?
How do some people have more shit spots than others?
Why are women stabbed?
Can we still save the Earth to keep warming more and more?
Will we ever invent a cure for cancer?
How come people have different bowel movements?
Will people who are deaf ever be able to hear again?
What will the world look like in 30 years?
How can we feel safer in our own home?
Will there still be major plagues?
Will Belgium ever be under water?
What determines the color of your eyes?
How many generations back do you still have their genes?
Why is the pay gap so great between men and women?
How do we ensure good education in poor countries?
Will they ever fight with large-scale nuclear / chemical weapons? And how would that end?
Where can immigrants go?
Is there something behind death, maybe there is a new life after it?
How do we get rid of attacks and violence?
Can you change your genes yourself?
Will winter disappear?
Why are people always so violent towards each other?
How did something come about out of nothing?
What is the disadvantage to the large population?
How can we do something about poverty reduction without giving our own money away?
Will there ever be peace in the world?
How will the earth fare?
What will we look like in 20 years?
Shall we have to flee the floods in a few years?
How can we raise money to combat poverty?
Why can't our DNA be crossed with the DNA of another species (eg animals)?
Will there ever be a WWII?
What economic and scientific changes will be made in the future, where will we be in ten or twenty years?
Are school ways going to change, such as working with computers and no more books?
Can the North and South Pole thaw completely?
Will there ever be a WWII?
Will there ever be no more diseases?
How can you handle stress well?
Will America and North Korea ever fight with nuclear weapons?
Are people prepared to use the car less and to move more by bicycle / on foot / with the scooter ... to reduce air pollution?
What can we do to help the poor?
What can we do to give the poor pure water and a healthy, balanced diet?
How long will humanity last?
How many countries can you visit in a day?
Can we avoid terrorism?
How can we best protect our home?
Why is one sport more in the spotlight than another?
What comes first the egg or the chicken?
Will islands just disappear into the sea?
What will be the consequences on our culture of the immigration flow?
Is there enough room to accommodate all immigrants?
How long will the earth last? With global warming, ...?
How can we help the poor out of need?
Will we each have our own robot later?
Will violence ever end?
How can we ensure that the Earth can handle population growth?
What should we do to prevent the destruction of the world?
Would there ever be a way so that you can only learn all the material at home?
How can we remove cancer from the world?
Who will have to fight for his homeland?
How is it that the average age of humans increases?
Why is there famine?
Will unemployment lead to more famine?
How do we stop the depletion of medicines?
Which continent will be flooded first?
Is it only cars that pollute?
What is the effect of the greenhouse effect?
Are nuclear weapons going to have major consequences for the Earth?
What is the cause of terrorism?
Will there ever be a cold instead of global warming?
Can things still arise in the world?
By what could man become extinct?
Will poverty ever disappear from the world?
How can we stop the ice from melting?
Will there be another livable place in the solar system?
How can we protect ourselves / feel safer?
How can we ensure that no one is afraid and should not run?
Will going to school be mandatory later?
How can we fight bad diseases?
What if there is not enough space to receive immigrants?
Can we ever stop waging war?
How can we thank volunteers for all the help?
What are the positives about diseases?
How can someone stay for twenty years forever?
Will the world ever be disease-free?
Can we ever live underwater?
Is social media bad for us?
How can we make nuclear weapons less harmful?
Will there never be pain again?
How come women are less good at sports than men?
Are children in the Arab world raised correctly?
Will the "real" social disappear through social media?
Could one ever get the air less polluted?
Can there be a new planet on which we can live?
Will those people with dementia ever remember anything?
How far can we expand our technology?
How can we teach the poor better techniques for more income?
Why do people die?
Can we get even older than 100+?
Will the entire earth ever be under water?
Will jobs change due to economic changes?
Will those who predict when the world will end ever be right?
Why do you earn more in a particular sport?
What will happen to our pensions?
Is religion too extreme for Muslims?
How can we take better care of each other and ensure that we are safe?
Does it hurt to die, how does it feel?
Will certain new systems make studying faster later?
Why does everyone want to be in charge?
How do we ensure that more people eat vegan or vegetarian?
How can we help to end poverty from the world?
Will Belgium still be Belgium if immigrants continue to come here?
How do we ensure that fewer exhaust gases are released?
Can cities be built at sea?
How do we ensure that more people will drive an electric car?
How far will social media evolve?
What will Europe look like when all refugees come to live in our regions?
Will there also be young soldiers, children, in Europe?
Can't we live with the poor people?
Can we live without diseases?
Which country causes the most pollution?
Shall we have a pill for all diseases?
Will all people live in the same place because everyone has fled?
What will the earth look like if it is uninhabitable?
Will VR take over the world?
Is there a way for people to age well beyond 100?
Will we be used to hurting later?
What does stress do to your body?
Will robots take on human tasks?
How can we come up with a counter / shield against nuclear weapons?
Why do people want to kill?
Will there ever be drones delivering packages?
Will all humanity be made up of robots?
Is a world without diseases good?
Will people in poverty have to do their best to solve their problems?
How much money do you need per month to live a normal life?
Will hospitals die out?
Can people still go on vacation later?
Do we get enough money when we retire?
Will religions ever get along well?
What happens to my body through too much physical effort?
Which jobs will still exist in 200 years?
Will there be other problems on Earth later, such as global warming and the like?
Is climate change making the earth decay faster?
Will people ever reproduce on another planet?
Where are the people going to live where it is flooded?
Will people ever stop to think how bad the world is?
When the war ends, will there be no more refugees?
Does terrorism cause WWII?
What if multiple new diseases come?
Can we implant a kind of computer chip in our brains in the future, so that we know everything and no longer have to go to school?
Will refugees ever be treated equally as non-refugees?
How do we harvest food when a large part is under water?
Is pain a thought?
Why are there different colored people in the government?
Will we ever have to go to school on weekends alone?
How can you achieve equality between men and women?
Will we be able to teleport in the future?
How long will it take for the world to end?
Can man become a monkey again?
Is it possible that everyone will be healthy one day?
Will there ever be another drug for cancer released?
How long can you live without food? How does it feel to starve to death?
Will there ever be a second Damien who is so committed to a good cause?
How will humans react to the greenhouse effect if it continues like this?
Can the people living in poverty do anything here themselves?
How can we find the Holy Grail?
Will refugees be able to return to their homeland after the wars?
Is it realistic to treat men and women completely equally?
Why do diseases actually exist?
Will the government ever let the solution to cancer know or will they always keep it to themselves?
Is there life after death?
Are robots going to take over everything?
How far can people go in sports?
Which jobs will be taken over by technology?
What happens to your skin when you die?
Why are they making war with Iraq in Iraq?
Will the poverty rate decrease or rise in the future?
What will the world look like after climate change?
What will happen to people when the earth decays?
Will Climate Change Affect the End of the Earth?
Can you look into the future?
Can you really die from the stress?
How much smaller would the Belgian population be without all the refugees?
Can't there be a world where everyone has the same thing?
Is it still feasible and safe to go on vacation?
If you live without pain, is it useful to you?
Why do some sports, for example football, earn so much and other sports, for example volleyball, so little?
How would we be viewed and judged if we went into a different culture?
Will the robots take over the world because they make the robots so smart?
What will happen to man if the world ends?
Can we get rid of diseases?
Why can't people just share and divide the food among themselves so that there is no more famine?
How serious will the effects of the greenhouse effect really be?
What will happen if people get too old?
When are men and women treated equally?
Shall we still discover diseases?
Are animal experiments useful for incurable diseases?
Which sport is bad for your body?
Can people live forever?
Does war have advantages such as against overpopulation?
How can we avoid poverty?
Where should people go if our Earth is uninhabitable?
How will science develop in the coming years?
How should you deal with stress? Will this make you perform less?
How much do you earn on average per day?
Will people still have enough time to go on vacation?
Why is male sports more popular than women's?
Why is there no village for all refugees?
Will they ever be able to make the robots so good that they look completely the same as humans themselves?
What will the world look like if it decays?
Do most people die from diseases?
Can we invent a drug that stops famine?
How will people survive the greenhouse effect?
How is it that people get older now than they used to?
Is the woman more important than the man?
How long can people live with a disease?
Will we soon be able to perform transplants such as animal casings on humans?
What can we do about cardiac disorders?
Does the aging of the population pose risks?
How can we arrive at supported and workable agreements in organizations with people from different cultures?
How can we strengthen innovation in our society that will only lead to social added value in the long term. Scientists are now being assessed and rewarded for short-term results.
Will the wars continue to get worse with the large nuclear bombs and deadly weapons?
Will women also be allowed to fight if a World War III breaks out?
Will there ever be a time machine?
How can we ensure that society takes a more positive view of people with a disability, the chronically ill,… how can we change their policy so that we can fully express their capacities?
Will we ever be able to eradicate all diseases without too much exhaustion?
Will nuclear weapons be something we have to deal with on a daily basis?
Will nuclear weapons eventually be able to exterminate a very large part of the world?
Can we ever go on vacation to another planet?
Can humanity still evolve?
Will the earth really warm up so that we can warm up on the warmth of the earth?
Can we prevent floods, snowstorms and the like within 10 years?
Will teachers be replaced by robots?
Will children ever become so smart that they no longer have to go to school?
Is it a good thing when donating money?
What would be the cause if a World War III broke out?
Why do people do bad things?
Will there still be many attacks committed?
Will there ever be concentration camps like in WWII?
What effect does winning / losing a world sport tournament have on the collective feeling and social identity?
Will crime ever be out of the world?
Will there again be a compulsory military service in Belgium?
Will chronic diseases ever disappear?
How can we achieve greater mobility of researchers between disciplines and knowledge institutions in the scientific world?
Could there ever be something that a person will not have a single disease in all his / her life?
Will world poverty ever go away?
What is the power of a nuclear weapon?
Can nuclear weapons cause the end of humanity?
How can you quantify and assess the reliability of predictions about the future by scientists? And make the uncertainties and assumptions explicit and take them into account?
Will the children have to learn to work with nuclear weapons?
Is there anti-gravity that causes bodies to repel rather than attract?
Can humanity move?
Can you create a new mortar (animal or human)?
Why should we eat or have food?
To what extent have we already discovered all forms of reality, since we only use the senses that we have and are used to?
Are there types of animals that know more than humans themselves?
Did we originate for a reason?
Will I ever go to war?
Will a drug ever be developed that will be free to us?
Will there be more terrorist attacks?
Will European countries ever have to purchase safety bunkers for protection?
Why are animals hunted so much, more than half of the meat is thrown away?
Would we create new diseases because there would be no more diseases?
Will Belgium ever be flooded?
Will school books be replaced by tablets?
Can there be a ban on hunting?
How did birds evolve until they lay eggs?
How do we dream?
How come we sometimes dream and feel in real life that we've already experienced something but it was a dream?
Can we use fewer cars and still be able to travel long distances quickly - eg Brussels-Roeselare?
Can there be more public transport in the world?
Will all world leaders ever realize that global warming is real and a problem?
Which continent will be hit first by catastrophes such as floods?
How can we make sure we don't pick rare flowers?
Will teachers still exist?
How can we ensure that there are more places where you can pick flowers?
Can't we dispose of buildings?
Why not more parks with trees and shrubs?
Why is there still not much going on to save Earth while the evidence is there? Which measures should we take?
Why is there so much air pollution, how can we prevent it?
What is the influence of our bigotry on migrants?
How come we seem to have more cancer, like cancer is more prevalent?
There are too many cars that spread CO2, we can not go by bicycle - good for health and environment?
What is my place later in the future?
Isn't it too late to stop global warming?
Will another world war put an end to man?
Can people in poverty still live in the world?
What happens to the animals when the earth decays?
Should everyone's capital be equal, how would that affect the world?
Will crime ever be out of the world?
How can I be sure of my future?
Does stress affect your performance?
Do poor people steal more than ordinary people?
Can people visit all places in the world in their lives?
Why do people enjoy watching other people exercise?
Will all people drown slowly?
Why do we no longer feel safe in our own environment? What do we do about it?
Will people ever make robots smarter than us?
Will people also be dead when the world ends?
When will everyone be cured?
Why is there poverty?
What can we do to reduce the greenhouse effect?
Should WWIII take place would it be in Belgium for the 3rd time or in another place?
What is the life expectancy within fifty years?
Can the rich help eliminate poverty?
Why is there a difference in pay for the same job for men and women, when will it disappear?
Can we ensure that more people study for a doctor, nurse and / or pharmacist and then start practicing the profession?
Can we invent a medicine to make people's lives longer?
Why are so few people a donor?
How did poverty come about?
Why do athletes earn more money than ordinary working people?
Will there be much room for nature in many centuries?
Can't the rich people donate a little money to the poor people?
Will people ever really know what happens or where they go with themselves when they die?
Can we go to a world without road deaths?
Will man ever be able to make a weapon that can destroy the entire Earth (unfortunately)?
Does terrorism ever stop?
Can we go to another planet if ours perish?
What is a good job?
What does stress do to your body?
Should we necessarily eat the food that grows in the ground to stay healthy?
Will poor countries ever get rich?
Can we go on vacation later?
Can you live longer by eating certain foods?
Will there still be nature parks later?
Why don't migrants return to their own country?
What should I do if there is war?
Will we still be able to work if the robots take over our work?
Can we strive for a society with only cyclists and public transport?
Can we get rid of terrorism?
Where should people live if they know in advance that the world will end?
Shouldn't you have to ask for a permit to hunt - then not everyone can hunt?
How do you know you're healthy?
Will the rainforests still exist in a few years?
Is there enough food on Earth to feed everyone?
Will there ever be an ecological vehicle?
Will terrorism and IS ever end?
Will there still be room for agriculture?
Will they not allow access for people in some forests?
Will the cars disappear?
Will there ever be peace?
Which products will die out?
Can we ever cure all diseases of the world with medicines?
Is there an advance in teleportation?
Can sport be one of the causes of poverty?
Will IS take over the world?
Do you see people who have already died after death?
Could we live without plants?
How can I pollute less?
Will the countries still agree later?
When Does the Earth End?
Will there still be many accidents with self-driving cars?
Can we build space stations for when the world ends?
Is stress good?
When is a country a poor country?
Where should we go in fifty years?
Will society ever fall apart because of terrorism?
What if the migrants come with more of their country?
Will we still consist of flesh and blood in the future?
What do we need to survive?
Is there ever going to be anything else in the universe when the world ends?
Will flight crime disappear?
Will we only know terrorism?
Can more flower nurseries be started?
Will we ever be able to find a plant that continues to grow?
Can we make photos smell like flowers in the future?
Can babies transport from sex?
How can you become immune to diseases?
How come there is a lot of nature in one city and little in the other?
Why is sport so popular?
Can you predict at what age someone dies?
Why are clouds gray?
How can we help the world with technology?
Can't we find replacement products?
Does power and leadership make you happier?
What is the best way to deal with a disease?
How can we stop drunk people from getting on the job?
Can't money be better distributed among the population?
How do we purify the air?
Can't we install more windmills and solar panels?
What is the cause of all this violence?
Why does the government spend more money on refugees than on people in our own country who need it just as much?
What is harmful to my lungs regarding air pollution?
How can we preserve the beauty of nature?
Can we make sure the world doesn't end?
Why is it that the radio does not always receive all signals at this time?
How did animals originate?
Can we remove famine from the dictionary in five years?
Is there also a white hole? (Fien, 8 years old)
Why are women not treated well in some countries?
Will there ever be cars with a road accident system that will completely solve the problem?
How do you obtain a top athlete?
What happens after death?
How likely are there to be aliens?
Will WWII Break Out Through Terrorism?
When are you rich?
Why don't we close the border anymore?
How can we keep nature beautiful without ruining it?
When do fluorescent vests become mandatory?
Can we flee from the end of the world?
Can we make elephant roll paper without it smelling really bad? (Lisa, age 10)
When will humans die out in the future?
Is Planet Earth Destroyed Later?
Can something be invented that makes fruit and vegetables bigger than the normal size?
How can you get bigger?
How can we make ourselves more tolerant.
Why are different tasks for the man / woman given?
How long will the Earth live?
How can we better protect ourselves against terrorism?
Do you get a new life after death?
How can we protect companies and houses even better?
There are so many rich people but hardly anyone helps the poor, it's so simple for them, why don't they bother?
What happens to nature when people die out?
When are we going to discover all the chess combinations?
Will there ever come a time when everyone is so rich that there will never be theft and break-ins again?
Will poverty ever disappear from the world?
Will self-driving cars ever exist and there will be no more road fatalities?
How did dinosaurs originate?
How will the earth fare?
Will there be a hurricane in my city (Roeselare)?
Which is the first planet to ever originate?
Had faith in gods never arisen, would terrorism have been a thing?
What was the first animal?
Will it ever be safe again?
How much sugar do we eat per day?
Can our technology do something about the many natural disasters?
How can we reuse missiles that end up in the ocean after launch?
Is there a way to never get sick again?
Rich people eg. footballers, without you knowing, do they really donate a lot to poor people?
How big will man ever become average?
How can we arrive at an alternative to traditional agriculture, in which fewer unhealthy products are released into the environment?
How can other people be tolerant?
How long can the earth handle humanity?
Can't those rich people just give money to poor people?
How can we reduce squatters and burglaries?
When are you in poverty?
Can the rich people share with the poor so that they should not have a difficult life?
Will we know snow in a few years?
Will there ever be a way to stop all violence?
How far will the technology be in 50 years?
How does a disease arise?
For example, people who win the Lotto or football players who earn so much money, can donate some money?
Can't people even agree instead of always arguing?
Will we ever end up in an attack?
Will those bad people ever realize they're wrong?
Can't we punish the criminals in such a way that they would never do anything like that again?
How exactly will the estimate of man's size become, for example, in people aged 12 years?
Can we avoid many crises if people are more tolerant?
Will the earth perish faster because of us?
How can we stop the burglars?
Can the death penalty be introduced in Belgium?
Are people in Europe also going to die from a lack of money to buy food?
Why does science exist and who ever invented it? (Catharina, 10 years old)
Will the sea's water level rise so much that we have to flee?
Can fewer cars be driven and smoking cessation in the future, bad for your health?
Can kidnappings be prevented in the future with even better technology?
Will there be medicines that will cure all kinds of cancers?
Is there a possibility that we can simulate human brain?
Will there ever be medicines that make people smarter?
The world is becoming more and more connected, for example with the internet of things, so we always have to learn new things, but is there never a moment when people can no longer follow?
Will diseases like cancer ever go out of the world?
Does the universe stop somewhere?
What is the last number?
How big would an alien intelligent being be?
Can one make a medicine against cancer?
How is it that one person is more tolerant than another?
Does it actually help if we plant extra trees or eat vegetarian food?
Will you be able to take pills to avoid getting sick?
How do we ensure that there are fewer pedophiles on social media?
Will there soon be too little food for all people on earth?
Will there still be a lot of nature?
Can there be better detection systems later?
Aren't we going to deal with worse criminals because of the technology?
Can we fight diseases with technology?
Won't people be the same size forever?
Is it possible to become more tolerant?
Why are so many people living in 'poverty'?
How can we combat even more climate changes?
How do we ensure that violence no longer occurs?
Is there enough food in countries with poverty?
Will global warming still allow much agriculture?
If there is no nature, would there be another way to do photosynthesis?
Will we ever be completely safe?
Will there be other serious consequences from good technology?
How come one person is small and fat, and the other person is big and wide?
Will there still be war if everyone becomes more tolerant?
How will the end of the world be?
Why does the people living in poverty not ask for help? Why don't they flee to a better country where there is no poverty and famine?
How did it get so many burglaries even with all the security?
How will we get all the money to get rid of poverty?
Why are we doing so well and others are not?
Will there still be enough food to be produced or will there be a food shortage?
How come people are poor?
Will we be able to prevent people from kidnapping someone in the future?
How can we apply new technologies and discoveries much faster in the classroom?
Wouldn't there be medicines for everything?
How can we send crime out into the world?
How does NIMBY (Not in My Backyard) syndrome come about?
Will the world ever end?
How long will man stay on earth?
How do robots ride on Mars? With a remote control?
How can people without a diploma get a decent job and earn money?
When does man die out? What comes next?
How can anyone enjoy being a pedophile?
Will man live forever?
What will happen to global warming?
Will humans be replaced by robots?
How long will the earth last?
Is the engine of cars in London reversed? (like the steering wheel)
Will there be a new kind of person?
Can we not change the mindset so that fewer burglaries, ... happen?
How are seeds for trees and plants made in a factory?
Will there ever be a shop for poor people where food is free?
In war, should we flee or not? If we flee - won't we be punished?
How come there is oxygen on Earth, but not in space?
Is there also oxygen on another planet?
What happens to the world when all people die from a natural disaster?
What is in the minds of people who kidnap others?
Should we flee or leave our home in a war? Shall we survive that?
Will people ever get chipped?
What will one do against a hurricane in their own city?
Will the rich ever use their money to end poverty?
Can you prevent being a pedophile?
Are there people on other planets?
Can you change people mentally?
Will we ever have a world without money?
What if a natural disaster causes everyone to die?
Will the kidnappers ever die out?
Will people ever die out?
Can one live without sex?
Are men really that much better than women?
Will there be a law that you have to donate money to poverty of a certain amount (for example from 50,000 euros)
Why is there even war?
Will war ever be over?
How can we further stimulate a short chain for our food needs?
What is suffering?
Can we prevent mental illnesses related to violence in the future?
Is a car driver a good solution against accidents?
What will we do if it is too late? (soil)
Why war, people just can't match?
What will the Earth look like in 10 years?
Is parking still necessary if there are flying cars?
How can a world built on distractions produce opinions beyond short-lived solutions?
Why is travel so expensive?
How can we make travel more accessible to everyone?
why is it that there is still no cure for dementia?
Why are there so few preventive measures for dementia?
Why aren't animals given rights?
Why is only a small group of people ruling the world? (Heads of State)?
How is it that the EU has so little influence on non-European countries? (Like USA here)
What is the meaning of life?
Why do we exist?
Why are there so many suicides every year?
Would people hunt for fun?
Can we stop the hunting?
Set a ban on hunting?
If depression is caused by certain substances in the brain, why can't it be solved by medication?
Why not build bunkers with oxygen against radiation?
To what extent do the U.S. a monopoly on space research and technology? What is Europe doing to continue to play an important role in this?
Can't we live on another planet?
Is it possible to clean up all the space debris orbiting the Earth?
Why not a little less cars?
In how many decades can we expect Mandarin to be a lingua franca?
Could we improve the ozone layer?
What is most important in academic research: displaying "breakthroughs" or careful measurement?
Could nature conservation exist?
Would there be enough volunteers to do nature conservation?
Why do people who are depressed give medication and not help around therapy?
Would the animals be smart?
Why do people continue to cover up the symptoms of a disease under the drugs and don't tackle the cause?
How can parents prevent their children from destroying nature?
Will there ever be a cure for cancer?
Can you think of a solution for CO2 emissions?
Can we clone meat so that less methane gas is emitted?
How can diabetes be remedied?
Can you prevent diabetes?
How can we protect rare flowers?
Why do you dream about things you do during the day?
How come we often forget dreams?
Why are there no more car-free zones?
Are lie detectors really correct? or are you just nervous in fear of answering incorrectly?
How can you really expose prisoners?
Why do people lie?
Why can't we plant more trees in the city?
Why not more green in our cities?
How is it that one person is more sensitive to tinnitus than another?
Can't you plant more forests in the world?
Are you more likely to develop tinnitus today than, say, ten years ago?
Can't plant more flowers along the road eg. in flower boxes?
What's the reason left-handed people are often seen as "more dangerous" than right-handed people?
Why do dreams seem lifelike?
Can demolished buildings be demolished?
Can people really communicate with people who have died?
Will the planet not give up with all that pollution?
Will there ever be equipment that will allow us to communicate with the dead?
Are there no holes in the atmosphere due to air pollution?
How can travel and tourism affect a society or an individual?
What happens if holes appear in the atmosphere?
Is travel in the biological nature of humans?
Are we not exhausting the earth too much?
How come one can move better than the other?
When will the earth perish?
Can lesser talents be taught?
Are there different types of hernia pain?
Is air pollution harmful to humans?
Which one suffers the most, physical or psychological pain?
Is man being replaced?
Can they make someone stop their heart to see if something is happening in the brain or to see if they are in another dementia?
Will we ever be able to perform brain transplants?
What is civilization?
How did joints evolve?
How can we make traveling by plane cheaper and more sustainable?
Why does one get dementia earlier than the other?
Now there is a lot of luxury with people than before - What will it be in 40 years?
Does man continue to exist?
Will I have the job I want later?
Do aliens, if they exist, take over the world when the earth perishes?
When do people realize that animals have fewer rights than humans?
Why are animals considered inferior?
Why don't countries work together in one political system?
How can we combat government corruption?
If we are all on earth (survival of the fittest) why are certain people systematically seen as minors by others?
Will violence ever end in the world?
Are we the only living entities or are there aliens from which we could learn?
Will there ever be another world war?
Can you delay cancer longer?
What is in the mind of terrorists?
Will there ever be war here?
Why is there war, isn't that fun?
Why do war and arguments come from the smallest conflicts?
Instead of more 'green' in the city (eg trees), can't we work with more 'green' buildings?
Do aliens exist?
How do we get to the problem of the ozone layer?
Why do so many animals die (or are so many animals killed) to humans?
Why do some people not want to match? Why do some people often / always seek confrontation?
What exactly is being done with money collected for charities (eg against poverty)?
Who created IS?
Why is there so much war and what?
Will we all all have to join the army for another (world) war?
Are there still attacks?
Why do terrorists carry out attacks?
Will it ever stop violence in the world?
How can we ensure that polluting companies are less or no longer polluting?
What consequences does renewable energy have for third world countries?
Why is the focus on countries that have been at war for years less and we only pay attention to, for example, terrorist attacks?
Why not more comfortable and large buses for public transport?
Can you convert CO2 into O2?
In what areas can cannabis be used in the medical sector? Is cannabis common for medical purposes?
Can cars be produced without bad exhaust gases?
Are we illegally working in Belgium to create a better (ecological) picture?
Why are it often the same people / communities / ... who are victims of racism (eg differently colored)?
Will I be able to afford a nice house and a nice car later?
Can we ever make two exactly the same people? Not only in appearance but also in behavior?
Can we ever purify all the ocean water?
Will the seas and oceans still live within 10 years with all plastic waste?
Would it help to make sorting mandatory for everyone?
How many people do we really know well and how many do we think we know?
What if there were no more refugees?
How many cultures exist and how have so many cultures originated?
Can we ever determine from an early age which persons will get cancer?
What will the world look like in 50 years?
When will there also be a water shortage in Belgium that it becomes problematic for us?
Will we ever be a refugee ourselves? What would we do if we suddenly had to flee ourselves?
How do poverty alleviate the world?
How many refugees have already died and what are the causes of their death?
What if humanity kills the earth, what happens?
How can we combat overfishing?
Shall we no longer need a driver's license in 50 years?
What points do I get in the classroom?
Will we be able to do anything with technology in 50 years?
How long will it be before Earth breaks?
How do we stop global warming?
When will the world end?
Will there be another place (planet) where life is possible?
Will we ever have no more diseases?
Will there be a cure for all diseases?
How do we reduce our eco footprint in an environmentally friendly way?
Will the world ever be completely gone?
Why is there racism? Why are people racist?
Would there be social media anywhere on another planet?
What if every country effectively closed its borders to refugees?
Can we ever live together with all cultures?
Is it possible that the atmosphere will no longer be there?
What is the DNA like?
Will cancer ever be preventable?
How can we produce water with waste?
Can you remove the dirty gases that make cars?
How long will it be before all animals are extinct?
Will everyone ever have to flee (become a refugee)?
Will there be enough food for our offspring?
How can air quality improve again?
How do people feel to have to flee?
How can we save coral reefs?
Why are people no longer encouraged to eat vegetarian (eg less fish as a solution against overfishing)?
What can we do to make the air less polluted?
How can we combat global warming?
Why are there so many opponents of resolving global warming?
Will there be war in social media?
Why is waste so unhealthy for the Earth?
What will we do when there is no more water?
How can we stop or reduce war?
Why is there war?
Why do elephants hunt?
Why doesn't every country take its carbon footprint seriously?
How do we ever stop war forever?
Why is there fascism?
What is racism?
How can we ensure that the air is not polluted?
Will the world still improve for and by humans?
Why does no one stop large consumption?
Will one ever have enough food for everyone?
Where did social media ever originate?
Why don't people put more bins for waste?
How can we get more food?
Will the famine ever pass?
Why don't we have a cure for cancer yet? What prevents us from curing cancer?
Will we ever die from the drought? What do we do when there is no more water on earth?
What can be done about the war and the attacks in Syria?
What is the reason for refugees to flee?
How can we pollute less?
How will the fish evolve?
Why is nature so destroyed?
Why are no more drastic measures being taken to combat global warming? What if everyone put in a little more effort?
How can you change air pollution?
What is the greatest threat to humans and animals?
What can we do to reduce waste?
What do you think of children (-5 years old) living on the street without parents, who are already taking raw drugs?
Can we do something about it so that the world will not end?
Will the world never have problems again?
When will the oil supply run out, which will force us to drive electric cars?
What can we do for people?
How can we reduce the pollution of industry?
Will food still be affordable?
The population has to put their waste in the rubbish bin, (fish die from all the rubbish in the ocean) is this even better?
What if there are no more poverty organizations?
Why is Belgium in the top 5 best schools - what is so good about schools in Belgium?
If there is no atmosphere, what happens?
How can you survive in car accidents?
Can you find even more solutions to detect DNA rapper?
What better way to run cars without dirty exhaust fumes?
How can we help animals both in water and on land?
Advocating less cars, more cyclists or pedestrians?
Can we start investigating which substance is the most harmful in the air? We can make gasoline more expensive so that more people can drive electrically etc.?
Why do we sleep on a pillow?
What air pollution do I expose a child to when walking in a buggy?
If man no longer existed, which animal would evolve so far?
How do we make life calmer with less stress and mental problems?
What proves that time is linear?
How are we going to implement all efficiency technology in the short term?
Does space have an end?
How do we switch to water gas and wind energy for transport faster?
How are we going to manage the overpopulation of our planet?
How do we find a solution for the plastic soup in the ocean?
How to absorb the amount of information that comes to us in a healthy way, how to avoid an overdose?
How can education evolve at the same pace as technical evolution?
What is the health effect of excessive use of technology and what is the effect on creativity?
Why do we need to gather so much general knowledge when all the information is digitally available?
How to optimize the accessibility of public domains for older people?
How do we completely switch to packaging that breaks down?
Why don't we introduce a deposit on all glass?
How do we solve global warming?
How do we make tights that cannot get ladders?
How do we find a solution for cancer?
How do we guarantee that artificial intelligence is used for the better?
How can we reduce unnecessary plastic use in supermarkets?
How to reconcile SMART cities with people's privacy?
How do we ensure that families have more time available so that they can find more peace in daily life to prevent burnout?
How do we find a solution for Altzheimer's and cancer?
How do we make wireless lamps?
How can we fly ourselves as humans?
How do we find a solution for diabetes?
Why are effective lie detectors not being used in people who make statements that can harm on a large scale?
How can we completely ban pesticides and keep food production on track?
What makes people fear imaginary things?
How can we ensure that we can eat tasty things without it being unhealthy?
What was before the Big Bang?
How can we make planes fly on water?
Can we develop something so that we no longer need sleep?
How many plants are needed to really make the air healthier in the city?
Has extraterrestrial life been discovered yet?
Are we really going to live on Mars later?
How can we make seawater drinkable in an economically feasible way?
How can we reduce ribbon development and compact cities in a livable way?
How can we break the taboo of mental health?
Why is there enough scientific knowledge to give everyone a pleasant life and do we remain destructive in our behavior?
Why are healthy choices not radically introduced by politicians?
How can we create a platform to repurpose waste flows from companies?
How do we find a solution for cancer?
Will science be able to continue to find an answer to social challenges?
Could hard science collaborate more multidisciplinary with the humanities and IT?
How do we find a solution for Parkinson's and dementia?
How do we find a solution for the redistribution of wealth?
Does our reproductive behavior change from a certain degree of overpopulation?
How to better cope with growing development rates?
How to make downsizing common sense?
Why do commercial interests continue to consider other more important interests?
How is it that we like things subjectively?
Could we learn to use our feet again like monkeys?
How can we prevent the extinction of animal species?
How can we use teleportation?
How do we find a solution to the energy problem in an economically feasible way?
How do we find a solution for overcrowding?
How do we ensure that young people can build lives in a human and feasible way?
When do we talk about global overcrowding?
How do we limit the world population?
How do we get the circular economy going globally?
How could we ensure that we can all make space trips?
How can we test drugs without animal testing?
How do we make flying cars?
How do we make non-polluting cars?
How can more people come to inner peace and happiness?
How do we continue to guarantee sufficient healthy food and drinking water for the exponentially growing population?
How are we going to deal with overcrowding and all its consequences?
How do we ensure that public opinion is not artificially manipulated by social media?
How can we make science develop even more holistically?
How can we best use science for social interests instead of commercial interests?
Can we find a solution for sleepless nights in babies?
Can technology take over people's dangerous chores?
How can we optimize nuclear fusion?
Why don't we put solar panels in the room?
How can we ensure that vested interests do not hinder the development of a healthier mobility policy?
How to feed the world in a sustainable way and find a balance between save the world and feed the world?
Can we reduce people so that their impact on the environment is smaller?
How do we solve world hunger?
How can we learn to teleport?
How do we find a solution for plastic pollution?
How do we find a solution for global warming?
Can we find a solution for premature hair loss?
How can we further explore Mars?
How do we completely solve the hole in the ozone layer?
How do we get plastic from nature?
How do we tackle the waste problem thoroughly?
How do we tackle overcrowding?
How do we learn to live more tolerantly in densely populated areas?
How to quickly reorganize spatial planning?
How can we live sustainably?
How can technology ensure that raw materials become fully reusable?
What is dark matter?
How do we organize a society without politics?
Can we find a solution for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease?
How do we find a solution to the traffic jam problem?
Can we conduct a neutral investigation into the harmfulness of gasoline versus diesel engines with all aspects taken into account?
How do we achieve logical, ecological and smart mobility in the short term?
Can we better know which diseases await us and prevent them better by researching DNA?
Is there an end to improving records in sports?
How do we keep our brains fit longer as we get older?
How can we continue to produce food in a sustainable way for an expanding community?
How do we find a solution for Altzheimer's and dementia?
How do we ensure that people live together in a more harmonious way?
Can we develop batteries that charge faster?
Will a robot do the chores at home?
How do we ensure more staff and human dignity in elderly care?
How do we facilitate small-scale housing for older people?
How do we get the air clean worldwide again?
Can zoos ensure that certain animal species do not become extinct and later release them back to nature?
How do we make sustainable transport accessible to everyone?
Could we muffle or neutralize environmental noise with anti-noise?
How do we find a solution for Altzheimer's?
How do we learn to deal with silence again without having to fill it in immediately?
How do we replace plastic in our daily lives?
How do we solve bullying?
How can we foresee that people can easily retrain in the midst of their long-term careers, without loss of income or seniority?
How do we find a solution for global warming?
How do we find natural medication for depression that is not addictive?
How do we find a solution for chronic fatigue diseases?
How do we find a solution for allergies?
How can we produce the same amount of food without genetic engineering?
How can we develop a compact and delicious healthy breakfast for adults and children?
How do we find a solution for contagious teething problems?
How can society be better represented in policy making?
How do we make more people aware and involved in environmental policy?
How do we find a solution to pollution and do we switch more easily to renewable energy?
How do we switch to natural energy?
How do we ensure that cancer research is not inhibited by commercial interests?
How do we make batteries that last longer for transport?
How else do we know about neuron development in childhood?
How can we operate people without cutting?
How can we make damaged brains fully functional again?
How do we find a solution for cancer?
How do we find a solution for asthma?
How do we get the plastic soup out of the ocean quickly?
How do we end social inequality?
How do we make electricity wireless?
How can we make elected representatives better represent the voter?
How can we put the theory of new forms of democracy into practice?
How do we find out the real truth about the origin of the universe?
How can we limit population growth in an ethical way?
Can we cure major diseases such as cancer and dementia?
How do we avoid AI turning against humanity?
How do you get the plastic out of the ocean?
How do you ensure that people's perception of safety matches reality?
Will we be able to solve all our vitamin and mineral deficiencies ourselves in the future?
Can we find an alternative to plastic packaging?
How can we motivate young people in the workplace?
What makes young people want to know what happens to their friends on their mobile at any time?
How can engineers develop their social skills more?
How do we make houses recyclable?
How can we build robot dogs that you cannot distinguish from real dogs?
Can we make toys that can transform into other toys so that they can evolve with the child?
Can we invent turbines to place in tidal wheels for power generation?
Can we make systems to keep houses cool without using energy?
Can we invent a self-flying plane?
How can we develop education in such a way that we develop the talents of the future?
How can we develop a system that stores all our memories?
How can we make plasma technology accessible and profitable for companies?
How do we find a solution that really cures cancer?
How do we ensure that air pollution is reduced?
How do we make electric cars less expensive?
How do we reduce traffic jams?
How do we find a better cancer medicine?
How do we ensure that fewer children are kidnapped?
How do we ensure that children feel safe when cycling alone?
How do we find a solution for the blind spot?
How do we get rid of inequality?
How do we ensure that everywhere people are treated equally before the law (man, woman, LGB, religion, ...)?
How do we travel to Mars as quickly as possible?
Can we build a base on Mars?
How many civilizations are there in the universe?
How do we arrive at a mature political policy?
How can humanity continue to grow without destroying nature?
Which environmentally friendly building materials are easy to produce?
How are we going to limit population growth?
How do we make flying cars?
How can we provide enough food for everyone?
How do we encourage people's spiritual and psychological evolution to keep up with technological evolution?
More research is needed on Alzheimer's and dementia
Will women soon be able to run as fast as men? (Ellen, 17y)
How long will it take before our health will be fully monitored by sensors? And would we like that too?
Can we predict and anticipate the consequences of population growth on mobility, the environment, psychological health?
Will men be able to give birth in the future? (Babette, 10y)
Can dogs and cats get little ones together? (Babette, 10y)
How could people know earlier what a word meant? (Babette, 10y)
How can the brain know what we're going to say? Where and how does speaking begin?
What is the cause of Vitiligio (pigmentation spots)?
How can we fly efficiently and cheaply while still keeping our carbon footprint low?
What exactly is consciousness? It seems to bridge the gap between body and mind and thus transcend dualism. But what exactly is that?
What is the 'life' phenomenon actually. Which means that suddenly 'constructive' processes start to work, and then suddenly decreasing processes start. And this at the level of cells but also organs and entire organisms.
How can you make fresh water from salt water in an energy-efficient way?
Medication often has troubling side effects. How can middle-aged women deal with this, feel better psychologically and physically?
Why are dental plants so expensive in Belgium, when healthy teeth are so important for general health? Are they kept artificially expensive by the medical industry?
Can a solution be found to minimize the heat of the transmission of 1's and 0's in electronic devices?
How can we combat global warming in a way that is feasible for the average Belgian (in cost and behavioral change)?
How can we reduce the mountain of waste?
Some diseases are still not curable. Wouldn't it help to view diseases in a more integrated way - not only biologically but also psychologically and socially?
Are children of divorced parents more likely to divorce themselves at a later age?
Can we ever solve global warming?
Why is there so much consumption? Why aren't people more economical?
Wouldn't it be better to get rid of social media?
Can a person have multiple different cancers?
What if there is ever going to be a water shortage, will we have to drink urine? (Or water from urine?)
Do we ever become refugees ourselves?
What if there will be no more fish?
How did the global warming problem ever start?
Will AIDS ever be curable?
What will (could) replace water if it ever runs out?
When will we die out?
When exactly did man originate?
Why does it take so long to find a useful means of combating memory loss - dementia?
Will we still be able to pay for everything now that everything has become more expensive in recent years?
Can we still pay for things later (eg a house) when everything becomes more expensive
Can't we find a system to filter debris from the sea?
What would they do if there is too little plastic (taken from the sea?)
What if everyone were poor?
How many people die of poverty in one day?
How come they are so many jobs with different wages? Can't everyone earn the same amount?
What makes gaming so addictive?
Why are we in school for so long and do we know little compared to professors?
Shouldn't we just go to work when we want to?
Do teachers actually improve?
Would we just fly around on Earth without an atmosphere?
Would we die after a short time if there was no atmosphere anymore?
How long will the earth survive before it succumbs to global warming?
How will it be when the world ends?
Is it true if you have an accident with your car that it goes so fast that you barely realize it?
Are cars actually safe?
Will they ever be able to cure all diseases?
Will anything ever be discovered against death?
Can new ice be planted? (Arctic melting)
Can't put ice machines at the North Pole?
Why don't cars run on healthy gases?
Can't we start over and restore the world?
What would make the world end?
How can we ensure that there is more green in Belgium?
Can't we go to another planet when Earth decays?
How can we take care of the animals with global warming?
Can't there be electric planes?
Will the oceans and seas still live with all that plastic in 10 years?
Why is gaming so addictive and what makes it so much fun?
How do you get rich quick?
How do we help close the gap between rich and poor?
Can we stop global warming?
Is it possible that there is extraterrestrial life?
What happens in your body when your foot is sleeping?
Why is water transparent?
Can the Earth just break in 2?
If a person is drunk, and a mosquito stings that person, is the mosquito also drunk?
Why is the Earth round and not square?
How did the first being on earth originate and what was it?
How did the Earth originate?
Will there later be operations with only robots?
Why is water wet?
Can we come up with an additional solution for the "first 10 km" polluting emissions, per car journey, of car exhaust fumes, which are not captured by the catalytic converter in a car?
Is reproduction possible under zero gravity conditions and is man as a species able to survive and flourish away from the natural energy sources we have on Earth?
Big data: is there a way to back up all the knowledge we already have in case of eg a global catastrophe / pandemic?
Aging: Why focus on living longer instead of high (er) quality? How can this be ethically justified?
How do we get rid of the 'King Auto' syndrome in Belgium?
Can we ever move via teleportation?
Can you also do fine tests without blood sampling?
How can artificial intelligence help society economically and what will our place be in such a society?
Why can't some people really sing?
How can we bring scientific research more to the public interest?
Will people ever survive on 'all-in-1 pills'?
Why do some people have allergies and others not?
Can't we change our way of working and living to prevent cancer instead of fighting it when the disease is there?
Are animal experiments still necessary in the research field of bioinformatics?
What is the oldest object on display in a Belgian museum?
Given the negative consequences on our environment, how long and how much can our prosperity continue to increase?
Why are we no longer investing in philosophy?
How can we make our scientific results more accessible?
How can we make our scientific results more accessible?
How do you keep all people working when so many tasks and jobs are about to be automated?
Is there extraterrestrial life?
How come you get addicted to some things?
What happens if the fossil fuels run out?
Will there ever be a drug that can cure / prevent cancer?
When did the sun go out?
How come successful Flemish biotech companies are always being sold to foreign large pharmaceutical companies?
Will there ever be an environmentally friendly alternative to plastic?
How do we make our energy systems cleaner?
Is it possible to trace the origin of autoimmune diseases in the future?
How is it that we stand upright on earth and so do the people on the other side of the world? (Nick, 11y)
If you were to slide all the way through the earth and get out on the other side, would you be upside down? (Senne, 11y)
How can computers ever become conscious? As self-learning systems, this may go without saying.
The clock speed of processors has not increased in recent years. How did that happen?
How can you better inform people so that they can make more rational decisions (in areas that are not inter-human. For example, politicians should think long-term and transcend short-term emotional responses.
What is the fastest way to the future (the physically fastest)?
Are there any unimportant questions that concern science?
How do deaf or hard of hearing people experience music? And can we as hearing people experience how deaf people experience music?
How do brains work and how can we use knowledge about this to teach people how to deal with depression and burnout differently than medication?
More research is needed on drugs to treat cancer and other diseases (Louis, 12y)
Is there life in space? Sometimes there are images of water in space, or of UFOs, but we are not yet sure that there is life in space. (Seppe, 11y)
More research is needed on nuclear fusion. That could mean a breakthrough for our energy supply. But that's a question of money, resources. So the question is how do I make nuclear fusion profitable so that people want to invest in it.
How can you provide education in such a way that children enjoy learning easily? We have to keep learning all our lives, but education is now too classic and, for example, not at all tailor-made.
How does the connection between the mental and the physical work?
What is the influence of food on our health?
Which planets are outside the solar system? What do they call and what is inside of those planets? (Kasper, 7y)
What is the relationship between our way of life and the pollution it brings with cancer?
How far can the policy be adapted to solve problems such as climate change and overpopulation?
How can we continue to feed the ever-growing world population?
Could universal basic income be a way to deal with accelerated automation, which means that work is available to fewer and fewer people?
How can we teach children (and adults) how to handle information and technology (IT savvy) in an easy way? How can we teach healthy information reflexes so that they are careful without becoming paranoid?
How come people believe things that are scientifically proven wrong? (such as flat earth society; anti-vaccination movement…)
Can research be done on the transport of mass (teleportation)? Then many practical problems would be solved. For that we must first solve the energy problem.
Can research be done on nuclear fusion to solve the energy problem?
How can we reduce consumption of meat and dairy products and get people to eat alternative foods that are appealing and affordable?
There are technological solutions to reduce travel and thus reduce traffic jams and pollution (conference calls). But how can you change people's behavior?
Can research be done into other filter systems to purify air?
How can we make better solar panels available to the general public?
How can we use renewable energy more? And how can it be cheaper and better than it is now?
Why are so many goods packed?
How can we ensure that the elephants can live a quiet life?
Can all of today's cars be replaced by electric cars and their prices reduced?
Is it true that research into other cancer treatments is being held back by the pharmaceutical industry that puts its own financial interests first?
Why not put cameras if they throw out waste on public roads and in nature are accompanied by a fine?
Will the war and attacks in Syria continue forever?
Has SCK already carried out serious research into the alternative system for generating nuclear energy (molten salt)? This would have a higher yield and a short life. Is the nuclear sector slowing this development for its own benefit?
How can one reduce plastic in the water?
To what extent can we steer migration by offering aid in the countries of origin?
Will all forests disappear in the future?
How can we organize education in such a way that each child can develop according to his own abilities?
What was before the Big Bang? (Kamiel, 9y)
How come you can also see things on the side when looking straight ahead? (Kamiel, 9y)
How long will it take before all cars are no longer polluting? And drive electrically or on hydrogen. (Kamiel, 9y)
How can we ensure that fewer cars are driven by cyclists?
How long will it take for the Arctic and Antarctic to melt completely? (Jerom, 10y)
How can we reduce pollution and still maintain our standard of living? We do not want to give up some things, such as driving a car.
Research into Alzheimer's is important what care in a rest home is almost inexpensive for many people.
How can we make clothes in a more responsible way, for example by using less water?
Many people believe in a god. But how would the first man have been made if there were no god? (Marcel, 7y)
Will the world perish through us?
Is there life after death?
Will the temperature (climate) continue to rise and for how long?
How can we convince people to take better care of the Earth?
Will man ever die out?
How can we fight poverty?
Does man destroy the earth?
Is there an afterlife?
What can we do against poverty?
Can we slow down global warming?
Can we keep people from dying out in the future?
Should we take lives because of the overcrowding?
Can we communicate with people in heaven?
Should we move to countries / places where there is sufficient food in the future?
Can we ensure that there are no more exhaust gases?
Shall we establish more and more trade and cities so that everyone has shelter and food?
Can we get rid of poverty?
How can we stop overcrowding?
Will there still be enough food in the future (due to overcrowding)?
Can people in the afterlife know what we are doing here on earth?
Will the world last a long time and how will it fare?
Is there a possibility that cars will no longer exist in the future and will be replaced by another means of transport (new invention)?
How can we provide even more help to people in need around the world?
Will poverty ever disappear completely?
Can we help ALL people living in poverty?
Can we solve the congestion problem and the delays of public transport by encouraging more people to cycle to work?
Will the wars ever end?
Why is the industry releasing so much dirty gas?
If we can't afford anything anymore and are poor, will we take on the role of many poor people and learn something?
Will it ever be that the whole sea is full of plastic? What will happen then?
Will people ever look up to people in poverty?
Should parents be stricter with their children and say 'no' more often or oblige them to play outside instead of video games?
When will humans start to stop global warming?
Can't more alcohol checks (drink checks) be held to prevent road accidents?
How dangerous is texting and driving?
Will there be special resources later to find the rapper's DNA?
Why do people destroy the world a little bit?
Can we make some kind of vehicles that don't have bad exhaust gases?
Do we have enough space for more greenery in Belgium?
Is more intensive / more carpooling a solution for air quality?
Why is there no set time to come to work?
Why is traffic so busy that the buses run late?
Can't everyone just ride a bicycle instead of by car, buses, ...?
Will we have to work more later?
Why is waste so unhealthy for the Earth?
Why do people destroy nature?
Elephants are large animals. Why do people hunt large animals?
What if we lived without cars or buses and only lived by bicycle and horse and cart.
How come we sometimes behave so destructively as humans, despite our rational thinking? And how can we better combine reason and emotion through education and upbringing?
Is there another solution to avoid waste?
Do people realize what they are doing?
Why can't we stop throwing plastic in water or on land?
The nuclear waste problem should be solved so that we don't leave the generations that come after us for more than 100,000 years with very hazardous waste.
Can there be more forests along the streets?
Are there enough materials to make bicycles?
How can land in developing countries be made more fertile so that problems in the field of nutrition and the economy can be solved?
What can we do for the animals that are hungry and need food?
Why can't people stop hunting?
How can we make drugs disappear?
If we polluted less, would the world last longer?
How do people, once they have possessions, want to collect more and more? We sucked the southern hemisphere empty. People in the south who are now ascending follow exactly the same pattern. It seems to be peculiar to humanity.
Will there only be electric cars later?
What is the impact of our modern technology and its use on our body (mobility, plastic, radio waves ...)
What is the long-term impact of the use of ICT on our short and long term memory?
How can we increase the employment rate of people with a disability (eg autism spectrum disorder)? What thresholds are there and how can we eliminate them? That would (also) yield a major economic advantage.
Are electric cars safe? Are there not going to be more accidents?
There are 9 billion people on earth, how can we do something for all people?
The longer-term effects and consequences of medical treatments should be better investigated. Now the medication itself increases the risk of other diseases.
How much living space does a Fleming need to be happy?
If there are bins, why do people throw waste on the street?
Can't we protect the elephants anymore?
How can we give citizens more say in political decision-making and make good legal agreements about it?
If the cars were to run without gasoline, would that help?
Why don't people recycle their waste?
How does the physical substrate of memory function and what is the link with language and the language center in the brain?
Why do some animal species decrease?
How can we encourage people to take more public transport to solve the excess traffic and traffic congestion problem?
How could we detect and capture unconscious signals?
Why not take fish and feed them? Or isn't that good for the animals, keeping pets?
When will we be able to teleport people?
Can more nature parks be created?
For how long is there still enough water for humans?
Which products will no longer exist in the future?
How can we reduce the exhaust gases?
In the world, there are extremely smart people. How is it, then, that with all the mind that humanity has, we fail to solve world problems such as hunger and war?
How can we teach everyone not to throw garbage in the street but in the bin?
Can we find a way to stop hunting?
How can we ensure that everyone gets a home?
How can you suddenly make a lot from little material (Rien, 11y)
Could the world ever explode?
Will poverty ever disappear? Will people in poverty ever have a better life?
What happens to our lungs due to the air pollution from the cars?
Shall we still go to school in the future?
How can you make a rare material out of material that is widely available? Then we will not run out if we use a lot of them, for example batteries from a mobile phone. (Jef, 10y)
How can we provide more electric cars?
Are electric cars taking over the car industry?
How do you get a big chance to get rich?
How can we better organize traffic (eg driving slower) so that fewer accidents occur?
Will there be super serious new diseases in the world?
How can we do something about air pollution?
Can one only throw away organic waste (eg cores) and NO cardboard, plastic, ...
Can we get more ice back to the Arctic?
Why do some people want ivory? What is the use of it?
Can we do something about air pollution by going more on foot and by moving more by bicycle?
Will cars be eliminated if things continue to go so badly?
Why do we pack almost everything?
Can we put our food in baskets / cupboards without plastic?
How can we ensure that people create more nature parks?
Why do people throw their rubbish along the road and not just wait until they stop / come home?
Do elephants hunt only for their ivory?
Would we help the traffic jam problem if more people carpool?
If nature becomes so polluted, will there be no more animals?
How many places in nature (forests, rainforests, ...) can / will people break?
How can you ensure world peace?
Can larger buses solve the traffic jam problem?
Why is everything packed so much?
Shouldn't we turn bicycle streets into ordinary streets?
Can't we create more nature reserves?
How can we sensitize people to cycle more?
How can we make transport less polluting?
How can we ensure that no more garbage ends up on the ground but in the trash can? How can we avoid that so much rubbish is left on the ground?
Why don't people stop hunting? Why do some people enjoy hunting as a hobby?
Can we make drugs disappear by checking more for drugs (eg intercepting while dealing) and doing searches?
Is it possible that everything would suddenly disappear, that the world and humanity would perish completely?
Will electric cars become / remain affordable in the future?
How can we make everyone sort (waste)?
How can we remove all the waste from the oceans?
How can we ensure that everyone likes their job?
Will there be auto replacements later?
Will the earth only deteriorate in the future or will the earth improve further?
Will flying cars ever come again?
How can you do good for all people without war coming?
Are we still discovering new things in nature today?
How long will science keep discovering things?
Will Earth (society) ever live entirely on bitcoins?
How can we waste less (food, ...)?
How can we ensure that people have less rubbish / waste?
Can we do something about air pollution by planting more trees and plants?
Why do some people not pay attention to nature?
If ivory were to cost less (worth less), would one be less hunting elephants?
Is it possible to use plastics (for example water bottles) twice?
Is it really necessary to pack so many things?
Can we ever just stop air pollution?
How can we create more habitats for animals?
Can we do something about our waste / throw away culture? What can we do about it?
How do we ensure less pollution in the air and more green energy?
What is the greatest reason for war?
Shouldn't we stop building so many buildings?
In general, what can we do to protect animals more?
How can we better recycle our waste?
Why are some people too lazy to go to the trash? Can't we all just do our best and do everything we can to protect nature?
Can't we recycle the waste in the water (e.g. plastic in oceans) into bicycles, for example?
Why are there no more parks / reserves / areas where animals can live alone without humans?
Can we ever completely avoid waste?
Why doesn't everyone become a vegetarian? (To prevent animal extinction.)
Can't we punish people who deal with drugs harder?
Are we always going to have enough space in the world for the number of people?
Is everything science says true?
Will there be more electric cars in the future?
Will solar powered cars become cheaper?
Will everything not become prohibitive in a few years?
Could it help to impose even harder / heavier fines against pollution? Could more use be made of cameras, apps, ... to check this?
Will man ever stop threatening animals?
Are there healthy gases that cars can drive on?
Do people who pollute actually think about their actions and their consequences?
Would animals, as before, be (more) able to be used again during wars?
Can we make fewer weapons? Isn't drastically reducing the arms industry a solution to warfare?
Why are there no garbage boats? Could that be a solution?
Can we no longer / better protect nature reserves?
Are cars the biggest culprit for destroying nature?
Can we restore the world?
How can we ensure that there are fewer cars? Can more people use the same vehicle? How can we encourage people to drive less?
Can we postpone the outbreak of cancer longer?
Does the CO2 emission affect our organs?
Are there any solutions other than insulin injections for diabetes?
How come we sweat when we wake up from a dream?
How do you come up with the perfect lie?
Can tinnitus ever be remedied?
What happens when we fall into a dream and wake up immediately?
Do ghosts exist? Are they good or bad? Do ghosts die too?
Should we not be able to travel, what would the world have been like?
Should rhythm and dancing be in you or can you really become professional if you do not have this in you, but do practice a lot?
Suppose we could solve diseases everything, would new ones arise?
Can (will) prevent cancer by inoculating yourself?
What effect (s) does CO2 have in the short term?
Why do we have to inject insulin, can't we just process it in food?
Are there pills against nightmares?
Is your body (not your brain) radiating signals from all you lie?
How do people heal from tinnitus? Do they recover or just become less sensitive to it?
Do dreams ever come true in our later life?
Is there life after death (reincarnation)?
Do animals, just like humans, also need to travel?
Do you have to have talent to do something well or do you get there by practicing a lot?
Is pain experience the same for everyone? Why is one more sensitive to pain than the other?
How strongly do exhaust gases influence the risk of cancer?
How can we drastically reduce the amount of CO2 by 2020?
Can't make fake sugar so that people still have the taste of sugar?
How does dreaming affect your behavior in your daily life?
Why don't we always remember what we dreamed?
If there are spirits, are there different types?
Are people traveling more or less than before? Does terrorism influence this?
Is talent hereditary?
Will the stigma surrounding psychological pain ever disappear?
Will cancer ever be completely extinct?
Are there people who dream more than others? Is this hereditary? Are there people who don't dream?
Does everyone become a ghost after his / her death? Do ghosts die after a certain period of time or do they live?
Which countries are the most visited by travelers?
Is there a connection between dancing and happiness?
Do dreams have a meaning? Is it a way to analyze our daily life?
What happens when we fall asleep, how does that transition from the conscious to the unconscious happen?
How can we give the grieving process a better place in our current Flemish society?
Why don't I speak to the 'rolling' or 'French' R and my brother when we come from the same family where my mom also has the same 'rolling' R? So what defines a mother tongue?
Will there also be a feminist movement in the countries with an Islamic culture, such as the Western world that had known in the late 19th century, early 20th century?
Could man ever invent something faster than light?
Will we ever be able to send satellites beyond our own universe?
quantum computing: can someone explain clearly how a quantum computer finds the solution of x + 2 = 3
Why do the cars no longer have real bumpers?
Can we fix cancer forever later? (Jens V)
How can there be less car pollution? (Louize G)
How do we get nuclear weapons from the world? (Jacob VH)
Will much technology be used later? (Najoua A)
What inventions will there be in the future?
Inventing an anti-puffiness pill (Robin, 14y)
How can we make chemical things healthier? (Nour)
Can one invent ice for the North Pole and the South Pole that doesn't thaw, for the animals? (Show T, 12y)
How can one pay more attention to the environment? (Myrte VB)
Why is there war? (Eva V)
Can you invent a T-shirt that you can fly with? (Eléonore, 13y)
How did the planets originate? (Laura, 7y)
Why are screens so bad for people? (Aram C)
How can you have less plastic in the ocean? (Anas J)
How can we fix the Wi-Fi problems? (Ward 11y)
How can we make sure we eat less pigs? (Marit, 7y)
How high can drones fly?
If you hollow out a magnet, put wheels under it and sit in it, will it still work like a Faraday cage?
Do poisonous animals know they are poisonous?
On which floor should you live in an apartment / skyscraper to be able to leave your window open in the summer at night without being bothered by mosquitoes?
What is the mechanism by which an event in our life (something psychic) is stored by the brain (somatic then) and then remains as a memory (again psychic)
Can makeup, perfume and the like that we put on the skin be associated with cancers?
How come the verb 'to be' is irregular in just about every language?
Could there have been anything before the Big Bang?
How can we introduce a fair tax system?
Is it likely that we will see people "naked" across the market again in the near future?
Is science the only way to come to truth? Delphine Ducatelle Carrillo (11 years old)
How can we turn transmigration into something positive?
How can we increase our empathic capacity?
Do animals have memories? Can they imagine things?
I learned about the colors. You too. But do we actually see the same thing? Is my red color blue for you?
How is it that other cultures think / feel differently about life and death? Where does our soul go when we die? Does the soul actually exist?
How does it feel to be dead? Emmanuel Ducatelle Carrillo (9 years old)
How does it feel to live in someone else's or an animal's body? Delphine Ducatelle Carrillo (11 years old)
Will man ever be able to create an artificial atmosphere so that we can colonize Mars?
How many animals or creatures are there to be discovered in space? Delphine Ducatelle Carrillo (11 years old)
How many animals or creatures are there to be discovered on Earth? Delphine Ducatelle Carrillo (11 years old)
Can literature or art give us insight into what it means to become demented?
What kind of images and stories do we need to understand the threat of climate change?
How can literature and art help us understand the complexity of financial markets?
How does complex literature remain accessible in times of shorter attention spans?
What types of literature or art best capture the complexity of our culture?
Will seaweeds become the food of the future?
What is happiness?
Which part of the particulate matter is limited by the diesel ban?
Do we really always have to strive for 'being happy' or shouldn't 'being satisfied' simply take the pressure off many in this demanding society?
Are yogurts with good bacteria really good for your immune system?
What is the contribution to the amount of particulate matter caused by vehicle brakes?
Is 'consuming' the solution to undermine the capitalist model?
Our entire economy revolves around planning the future. Has it always been this way? Were people in the past also focused on their future? Or did they only have an eye for their salvation?
Gambling offices are ubiquitous and run large advertising campaigns (eg at sports competitions). Are we seeing growth in the gambling sector? Have people always gambled? And if so, what sort of things did people gamble in previous centuries?
We are the same organically. But why were people more violent than they are now?
Our cities are increasingly diverse and multicultural with all the benefits and tensions that entails. Can we learn lessons from the past to deal with that?
Why are beds in medieval castles so small? Did people sleep upright?
Why did the Dukes of Burgundy never become kings?
Why does the spoon in my coffee sound duller when I have just stirred, and does it sound sharper when I keep tapping the bottom of my bag?
There is still so much unknown from the underwater world. What can we learn about communication between underwater animals, about the power of plankton, seaweed, currents, cooperation between groups of animals?
Can science not put pressure on the planned concrete stop to start earlier before the whole of Belgium is covered with a layer of concrete?
Why do people hunt (the ivory of) elephants? To get rich?
How come children seem to feel better (than adults) and feel more difficult to behave?
Why don't some people recycle?
Air pollution: is it a solution to make more electric cars? So that we no longer have the exhaust gases?
Can't we fake the meat of animals so that the animals can live?
Why do we eat so much meat?
Is there still hope to help a child with a parents' drug problem? Do these children have trauma?
Do we ever go to Mars?
How can we ensure that there are fewer traffic jams? Why can't everyone just go by bike?
More electric cars: but can everyone afford this?
How much money will there be in the world in a few years? Will there be more money?
How can we take care of the world? Would there be a way for the world to stay even longer? How can we prevent the world from ending?
Would it be a solution to make driving a car prohibited 1 day a week?
Will there ever be environmentally friendly cars that are not that expensive?
Are electric cars not dangerous (er)? You don't hear them coming.
What are the benefits and Is the balance overall positive, we had to reduce the maximum speed on the motorways from 120 km / h to 90 km / h.
Will we ever find a way to filter all harmful substances out of the polluted air?
How is it that people can be conditioned much faster by religion than by senilisation?
Is it possible that artificial intelligence may in the future compromise the existence of humanity? Or does this actually bring us benefits?
Is it necessary to close the generation gap? If so, how do we do that best? If not, why do older people feel uncomfortable with younger and working people and what can be done about it.
Is it important to depict minorities in (popular) culture?
Why do many studies on sexuality and relationships only deal with straight couples?
How do you talk constructively with someone you fundamentally disagree with?
Should Bob Dylan actually win the Nobel Prize for literature? In other words: are song lyrics also literature?
How far is Grand Unified Theory at the moment?
Does our vision of human history determine our attitude to the future?
have we really advanced socially and socially compared to prehistoric times?
In astronomy, analysis is made of very weak signals from space, in all wavelength spectra. What are techniques to ensure that those signals are effective and not noise from another source
Why am I always nauseous after a nap?
Is pollution or destruction of a landscape a modern fact?
how come we can end up in a tunnel vision?
When will nuclear fusion be part of the energy mix?
Are people born maliciously or are people malicious throughout their lives (through education, environment, traumatic events, etc.)?
Today, it seems to be increasingly difficult for humans to conceive naturally. What are the consequences for the next generations?
how come when you mention facts people feel attacked?
how do you explain that between 1400 and 1800 an average Fleming drank 2.5 to 3 liters of beer per day?
The ancient Greeks are at the origin of the Olympics, but how sporty were the ancient Egyptians? Did they have typical sports and maybe even competitions?
What ensures that we develop certain preferences? Why do we like one song more than the other?
Was everyone drunk before? In ancient times, they could not yet purify water, so drinking alcohol (beer, wine, ...) was common, both for adults and children ...
Why is the last mile always the heaviest?
How come (at least for me) love feels different from what is shown in Disney movies?
How did different cultures influence each other in the Hellenistic kingdoms, both nationally and internationally?
What influence did fault lines as we see them today (476, 1453, the birth of Christ, ...) have on the population then living?
Did women also serve in the Roman army?
How historically correct is the Vikings series?
Today it is customary to travel a lot and we can easily take the plane to the other side of the world, but how large was the area that people knew from their own experience in the Middle Ages?
Will there still be enough metals in the future to manufacture batteries?
Why is it that certain foods (milk, jam ...) get bad faster during a thunderstorm?
Who or what determines the gender of words? Is there a logic in that?
Does global warming have an influence on the prosperity of our fauna or not? Eg: some animal species are more likely to become extinct or more on the endangered species list? Other animal species that thrive better?
I am a 30 year old Ms pantiente with a desire to have children. According to my specialist, my children have an increased chance of developing this too. How do I reduce the chance that my children will get this later. Is research being done on this?
Is it considered / realistic to impose a stand-still regarding the number of airports and the expansion of airports (worldwide)? Have we not already reached / exceeded the social and ecological capacity?
Is it justified that farmers and other actors still disappear forests and canals with trees and shrubs around their fields, for example to merge the originally smaller plots into very large bare fields?
Why do the prices for electricity (per kWh) differ per grid area? Can this not be uniformized throughout Flanders?
What is a decentralized computer and what use would it bring?
With a hard blow during an accident, people can die as a result of internal bleeding, skull fracture, cardiac arrest, etc ... But from which does a fly or mosquito die, not externally damaged, after a blow from the fly swatter?
If a big bang like the one from which our universe originated, would our world look exactly, down to the smallest details, as we know it today? After all, everything proceeds according to the rules of cause and effect.
Is there a cause in the universe for every event, even on an atomic or even smaller scale? Or is there chaos?
A fly does not have free will. Why does she fly the way she flies? In other words, what triggers her during the winding, chaotic, fickle course she takes in her flight? And why does she stop now and then? Can flies get tired?
Do we really have free will? Is everything outside but also in us not the result of a cause? And do we not have a total lack of control in the whole process of cause and effect?
Is fine sand from a company that recycles stone and construction waste bad for our health? Our terraces are full of fine white sand every day.
Why do BMW drivers use their turn signals so little?
What can medieval monasteries teach us about 'living together'?
Are lifelike robots in development to help less mobile people?
I often hear from Indian circles that Sanskrit would be a better language for computer science. Is that right?
Is monogamy in humans culturally or biologically determined?
If our body could heal itself, what would be the socio-economic implications of a faster aging population?
How can we measure scientific progress?
How can nature-based applications lead to economic innovation?
To what extent and in what way does our body adapt to our diet?
If science searches hard enough, does science eventually find a physical cause for all mental illness?
How can you best measure the effectiveness of integrated care applications?
Is it possible to capture soft values such as care in a scientific context?
How can you demonstrate health effects of voiding without very expensive studies such as drug research?
Is the question of how to prevent cancer as difficult to answer as the question of how to cure cancer?
Is scientific innovation best created by application or theory?
How can we give or teach our body the tools to heal itself?
After religion has disappeared and in a constantly changing (digital) world, how do we deal with individuality, collectivity and meaning? and what, in that view, is the ultimate goal of humanity?
How can we ensure that children who speak a different language have the same number of opportunities at school to achieve the final attainment targets?
Why is there so much bee death? And how can we prevent this?
Can a study of the history of criminal conviction help to better solve and understand the current prison problems in Belgium?
How much fine dust does a tree collect? And how does this relate to the emission of particulate matter from the combustion of that tree.
How did the role of love evolve throughout history?
Why do athletes on a track always run or cycle counterclockwise (ie counterclockwise)? Is it the other way around in Formula 1 races?
Why can't you reach 100% concentration of some liquids (e.g. hydrochloric acid) at normal pressure / temperature?
There are several hereditary diseases. I think of Huntingtons, asthma or even color blindness. Is this being investigated so that parents no longer pass this on to their children?
Is it true that cycling in the city center of Antwerp or Brussels - with all the air pollution from traffic - is just as unhealthy as smoking 10 packs of cigarettes a day?
How come I have to yawn myself when I see someone else do it? And why are we yawning anyway?
What is good? (and why)
How did the difference in cognitive ability arise in different races?
Why do people (and animals) bully each other?
In "The Martian" Matt Damon grows fries on Mars (in Martian soil) with a little help from water and some (own) faeces. Is that actually possible? And can you survive for 100 days on fries? Isn't that too miserable after a while?
Oona (6): Why are birds not electrocuted when they are on a high voltage wire?
Which animals are sensitive to pulsating sounds, low bass or vibrations? How do they react to this, what effects do they have on them?
Why do we always sneeze more than once in a row?
How can we make companies focus more on developing healthy products that are affordable for everyone?
Does better spatial planning solve the congestion problem?
What does AI do to our thinking ability?
Should we all live in the city?
Is soda and vinegar the best and most ecological detergent?
Will churches in Flanders disappear in the future?
How much fine dust do car tires produce? - share in the particulate matter content?
Does coffee make us more tired in the long run?
How can we ensure better and faster drainage in heavy rain showers?
What are the pros and cons if all agricultural land is taken over by large foreign players?
Since 2/3 of the respondents are dissatisfied with their job, why is there no national (anonymous) database of people who would like to exchange their job and whose personal data may only be requested upon further serious contact?
Answering a question immediately raises new questions.
Why don't we train our children to become critical citizens but to knowledge bombs?
Why do we live so scattered compared to other countries?
How do we solve short-term politics?
What can we do to improve air quality (locally or on a large scale) in the short term?
Is it really so difficult to detect scoliosis very early, to diagnose it? Is there a positive future perspective in science?
What is the impact of a rocket launch on the climate?
Would it not be possible - for the general public - to be able to provide an overview of all the scientific research that takes place in Belgium (eg per theme / subtheme / ...)?
Can we immediately use the 'Great Pacific garbage patch' for the production of new materials?
Can tropical diseases such as malaria be spread again in Europe?
Does the stride length always remain constant? Or how dependent on rising or falling?
Is breastfeeding really the healthiest food for the baby? Or do toxic substances stored in the milk cause certain risks in the child?
Does anti-gravity exist?
Why is so secretive about the anonymous, white NATO planes that have been spraying checkerboard chemtrails for years to block out the sunlight, what is being sprayed and what is the impact on our health after rain, for example?
How can a society direct or influence the prestige of a profession (group)?
Do children who have been raised bilingually learn another foreign language more easily?
Is our language ability innate or learned?
How many languages are spoken in the world?
Can all languages be traced back to a single original language?
Why are some people terribly afraid of spiders and others not?
I have straight hair, but when it rains or foggy, my hair starts to curl. how did that happen?
What is the use of a mayfly?
How can we reduce the risk of falling in the elderly?
Will traditional TV viewing disappear completely within a few years and will we only watch digitally and on demand?
Why will the primers but not the single DNA strands form H bridges with their complement to the annealing phase in PCR?
Why is cancer "the disease of our time"? Did that not exist or was it not determined? And if it didn't exist, why is it so ubiquitous now?
What could a public transport tax per inhabitant cost?
Can't we grow bananas and kiwi in Europe to avoid long boat loads?
What will happen if the average temperature drops 2 ° C?
How do we stop volcanoes from erupting and do only the positive?
Why does a butterfly die after 1 day?
How do we make sure we can live on Mars?
How do we solve the overpopulation?
In what language do people who are deaf think?
Is there a multiverse?
How can we beat bacteria?
What is at the bottom of a black hole?
What effect does it have if nature disappears forever?
Do animals realize who we are?
Will there be a second big bang?
If it strikes and strikes the sea, why don't all the fish die?
Will other animals ever rule like us now?
Why can't we filter harmful gases?
Will man ever be completely dependent on all multimedia?
Will man ever die out?
Will it ever be proven that chocolate is healthy?
How can you attend online school?
Will the earth ever become unlivable?
How can we get a glimpse of what comes after death?
Why isn't everything free?
What will all that radiation do to us later?
Everything back to the same as before (back to prehistoric times)?
Why do people sweat after exercise?
How come bruises occur?
What will we do when everything on earth has been used up?
Why can't animals talk?
Is the Earth going to stop spinning?
Do animals know their own name?
Will life remain on the earth?
Do all animals understand each other?
Will there ever be other creatures at the top than humans?
Will people evolve even further?
Is chewing gum harmful to your body?
Can you use your brain 100%?
What are stars?
How do cancer cells originate in someone?
Why does humanity exist?
Gut bacteria are very important (resistance, obesity). There are bowel transplants and oral capsules and foods with live bacteria, but only part of them reach the colon. Why not capsules to put in the rectum?
Can we stop global warming by planting trees en masse (and of course stop cutting down)?
Why don't the cars run on hydrogen?
What can happen to science in 20 or more years? Will science be different?
Do we inspect the animals (do we keep an eye on them) or do the animals inspect us?
How come you get red when embarrassed? And does this always have to do with embarrassment or can it also have another cause?
If a mosquito pricks you and you react allergic, does a second shot of the same mosquito automatically cause an allergic reaction?
If I have 50 minutes of lessons in a room where about 20 minutes before that about 20 adolescents have been sweating and stinking, Is that harmful to me oh my lungs?
All suppliers promise 100% green energy. At the same time you hear that there is only green electricity until February. How is that possible? Can companies guarantee that they can supply their customers with 100% green energy throughout the year?
what happens in your body when you combine bread with spreads or potatoes with vegetables and meat. And why would this be unhealthy?
How can radioactive half-life be "accelerated"? Issue that nuclear waste (from medical applications or the energy sector) is not a problem for as long or faster.
How can the social / economic impact of research be "better" measured / estimated?
How can we ensure that the government makes better use of "evidence" and how can we make this use demonstrable / measurable?
What are the possibilities to model policy choices / decisions virtually, and to test them before implementing them in society and thus first avoiding "children sick", loopholes, unwanted indirect effects, ...?
Many vacancies, companies do not accept older jobseekers, even highly educated. How can science take corrective action so that the financial card is not just the motive.
What would be the negative consequences on society / the climate if everyone lived vegan?
Shall we have all household chores done by robots in the future? How will this work in practice?
Does the past predict our future?
Can (after wind and sun) also be extracted from rain (in a realistic / feasible / cost-efficient way)?
To what kind of being will man evolve?
are there many differences worldwide between the choices of homo sapiens and is diversity a curse or a blessing?
Does a programmer / writer / developer of artificial intelligence actually have intellectual property rights to, or liable for what that AI creates?
How much DNA or RNA may be changed for a person is no longer a person
The Club of Rome report 'Limits to Growth' is 46 years old. The club already had many world leaders. And yet Growth is the sacred cow of our politicians and economists - or rather the golden calf. What makes that growth paradigm so tough?
Are animals also left- or right-handed (burly)?
How does a coil of energy store? A capacitor has a charge, and one can imagine that, but a coil has an electromagnetic time, which is much more difficult to imagine. What is the carrier of the energy?
If climate change and the depletion of fossil fuels pose a particularly great risk to the collapse of our civilization, what scientific question could be more pressing than finding and organizing an alternative?
Who makes glasses where the vision is equally sharp everywhere (bottom-top-left-right), from distant vision to near vision?
Are nerve pathways multiplexed?
Is there 'healthy' paint?
What makes chocolate 'Belgian'?
How are the nuts cracked from a nut mixture?
What is the ideal method to dry yourself after swimming?
Why do glasses cost so much?
Why is so much clothing produced?
Why do the ants prefer my walls instead of the tender grass?
How do you best maintain your dishwasher and washing machine?
Is it possible that the whole world lives on sustainable energy?
How does gravity occur?
Can you prove in such a way that occupational therapy makes so much sense that it is reimbursed if you let independent occupational therapists help you?
Can you remove CO2 from the air, release the oxygen, and make food (oil or sugar) with the carbon ???
Do further treatments make sense in sick people if they only give up more?
Why are one more lucky than another in Flanders?
Crystals emit a frequency
Take the stairs and save energy! But how much energy do you actually save by taking the stairs instead of the elevator?
How come top athletes (eg tennis players) continue to play / perform so well under great heat, while a 'normal' person has to look for the coolness?
How is it possible that when defrosting frozen embryos, the cell membranes do not burst and the cells do not empty (such as with thawed vegetables)?
Which of the questions asked here is the most difficult for the scientists, and why?
Can we take plastic out of the sea with a special magnet? If that is not possible, we can adjust the plastic that is made new.
How has our view of refugees changed over time?
What is the healthiest way to depilate?
What lessons can we draw from the long migration history of man, which goes back several 10,000s?
Will it ever be possible that we humans can communicate with animals?
What is the evolution or future of large shopping centers?
Is there a solution to the mountains of waste? Can we somehow reduce it?
Are there also no Newtonian gases?
Why is malaria so dangerous?
How are medicines, eg against malaria, developed?
Why are laboratory animals used in experiments, eg to develop anti-malarial drugs?
Can there be more research on autoimmune diseases, and can these diseases be a separate specialization?
Why can't medicines be found for some diseases?
Why can only a malaria mosquito, and no other animal that sucks blood, transmit malaria?
In recent years you have seen more clouds that you did not see before, exactly like desert waves. How come?
Why does malaria only occur in countries in the south?
How come we can get the flu every year?
Are there other galaxies and may life be there? Are they available to us? Can we travel there to "save" humanity after our galaxy goes out?
How many people should continue to do crafts to keep the knowledge for future generations? Is knowledge of dying crafts archived?
Is there a limit to the universe?
What is the greatest danger to the world that he is perishing?
Why is it that a malaria mosquito does not get malaria itself?
Why does the sky get such beautiful colors at sunrise and sunset?
When can we travel to Mars and other planets?
Is malaria contagious?
Why do mosquito bites itch so much?
How do people study antiquity?
How did the Earth originate?
How did the first life come about?
How come some people are predisposed to certain things that other people cannot even practice with much?
When was the last (egg) land discovered and what is it called?
How come some people have a lot of musical feeling and others don't? And can you practice that in some way or is that innate?
Where do dreams come from?
How is the sound and music that you make when you play the clarinet?
How can hundreds of photos (or other files) remain on a memory card without a time limit, without requiring electricity or energy?
Why is there no vaccine or anti-cancer medicine yet?
How can one know the direction of rotation of the spin of an elementary particle and how do we determine the axis around which it rotates?
How can you measure the speed of an elementary particle.
How can the sun radiate so much heat-light energy without being (already) burned out? Where does the 'raw material' of the sun go when burned and what does it consist of?
How is it prevented in the In the Large Hadron Collider that the elementary particles collide prematurely (when accelerating)? And how can one accurately determine the location of the collision?
Why do birds always fly over the road when a vehicle arrives and not off the road?
How does migraine occur & can it be cured?
Will we ever use nuclear reactors on thorium again?
How are heavy carbon molecules made?
Why do people react so differently to trauma?
Can we not capture the CO2 from combustion gases (waste processing, cars, air) and then use it as a raw material for 3D printing?
Why are so many people eating too much meat?
Is treatment of high blood pressure (160mg / 110mg) with medicines good? What are the harmful consequences and / or possible dangers of that medication?
What policy tools would be most efficient to address or address the dire need for new math teachers?
How can egg cartons be usefully reused?
How can we motivate teachers for math education?
What is the difference between hand soap / shower soap and shampoo? What if I wash my hands with shower soap? Or my body with hand soap from a pump? ...
Once a CPAP treatment has started, how can it be checked whether it works or not?
How is the value of the US Dollar against the Euro calculated every day?
Isn't the whole "fragrance industry" very environmentally harmful? What is the ecological footprint?
Why is nothing being done about the outrageously high payments to CEOs? Many people in poverty could be helped with that. Or something completely different: money could be released there to improve public transport or to cycle paths, ...
Why do people have to work at all costs (to supplement the statistics)?
Why is the retirement age at 67?
Is there such a thing as "politician's dementia" (politician's dementia)?
How can we limit the number of pesticides, herbicides and other plant protection products in our agriculture?
How can we make better use of green energy sources?
Is it possible to teach life science in schools?
Why, or why are there people who are very slow in everything? And also sleepy and tired.
Sexuality of people with disabilities: is it social?
Transparency in pocket money: how are guardians checked?
Can I have a child wish with a genetic disease?
When is it expected that robotisation will ensure that less than half of the employment for people remains? How can one solve this social problem without causing a revolution?
What levers are needed to make agriculture sustainable in Flanders, Europe and worldwide, with internalisation of the costs (erosion, pesticides, water pollution, transport, ...) that are now passed on to society free of charge?
How can we guarantee in the future that there will be no bias based on gender, origin, orientation with the emergence of Big Data and machine learning?
Why does my wrist watch slow down or even freeze on my wrist while it keeps displaying the time for months when it is on the case?
How big is the universe?
Can more planets come?
Does science examine itself?
Is it possible that 1 atom can be a whole star system?
Are people going to live on Mars?
Would the universe ever end?
Are there more planets and where does space stop?
Has there been a big bang?
Is life possible on another planet?
There must have been something for the big bang, but what?
How do we stop the deserts from expanding?
Is the sun a star?
What happens if you disappear into a black hole?
Why is Mercury not often visible?
When can we live on the Mars?
Are there still planets with life?
Is there still life on other planets?
Why do we keep everyone alive?
How can people become more aware of the pollution problem?
What is the risk of a serious reaction after a vaccination? And how does this risk relate to the risk of complications with permanent injuries when not vaccinating and going through the disease?
In tough professions, one cannot last until age 67. How do we make it normal for people to switch to lighter work? Without the unacceptable stress and absence of support associated with such a transition today!
Why is it that only a limited number of plants and animals are cultivated by humans for agriculture and animal husbandry?
Are people's time, occupation, money, religion, politics ... inventions to deal with our emotions and are there no easier ways?
What food can I drink the most beer with without vomiting?
Why are the lightning bolts not straight, but do they form erratic patterns above the horizon?
How far can you see in space with the naked eye (without binoculars or telescope).
Is fear sweat composed differently from ordinary sweat?
Polish with bacteria that can clean a car in 3 to 10 minutes? Is this possible?
What would Belgian politics look like without Flemings and wales
Is it possible to implement an infrared camera (night camera) in a smartphone
why should robots not pay taxes?
On the basis of which criteria are national and international standards established?
What is the most effective action to ensure that children from disadvantaged groups move on to university education from primary and first grade secondary schools?
Can titinnus patients be helped by stimulating the brain with counter-phase waves that extinguish the original sound?
Why is it still not possible to cure autoimmune diseases, such as Crohn's disease and Multiple Sclerosis?
What is the cause of autism?
How is it possible that in times of technological progress and state-of-the-art research we have still not found a better alternative to the paper 'lids' on chocolate jars (etc.)?
What does the evidence of the Riemann hypothesis look like?
We are getting older with new scientific developments, but it seems like we all end up with Alzheimer's. How can we stop this?
What can science do against the lobbies that hold back progress? Are there currently organizations and systems that are actively involved in this, whether or not interdisciplinary?
Why do we retract when we walk outside in the rain?
Is there a link between smoking and libido?
How can we generate electricity and produce electric cars that keep driving? Are there any companies that can do this?
What causes food sensitivities that are currently not testable through classic allergy testing, and how can we better test, diagnose and treat them?
Why are so many houses still being built with bricks and tiles, while there are much faster and more efficient building materials and methods?
The leaf green of my pollard willows has been completely eaten bare by the 20-spot willow cock. Do my pollard willows have the power to recover spontaneously? Or are they doomed? It is a very gloomy view here in Bertem. Your KC.
What can we do to reduce or stop the disappearance of insects? For example, the pollinators?
What does innovation actually mean in practice?
Is it possible to fully examine patients using sound waves?
Can a neighbor refuse to another neighbor to insulate a wall - initially a dividing wall, then expanded and an outer wall for expansion - on the outside? Who should be addressed to know the legislation in this regard?
How can you insulate exterior walls on the inside?
Can the technique used for 3D printing be used to make cheaper medicines?
In a CPAP treatment, can science provide a "nasal mask" in which the ice-cold air outflow is carried away from the face via an attachment? Nose caps give little cold but nose irritation. Challenge for project development?
Why is there a greater risk of thunder at night than during the day?
Are there actually finger or handprints from thousands of years ago (on clay and the like) and can we derive anything from that?
Why is there no remote computer help with health insurance companies?
Can 3D printing lead to teleportation or cloning of people?
Isn't it time to give vacant commercial buildings back to nature?
How can they make ships more environmentally friendly?
How come I have to tie both my laces at the same time or very quickly in succession?
Why are people allergic to a substance?
Is the CO2 evenly distributed in the atmosphere or is there more in the lower layers, for example?
Why is it that despite the far-reaching science we still cannot produce functioning organs?
Why do we seem to have a paranormal experience during a sleep analysis?
If you assume that the vocal cords are muscles, it seems logical that with age the muscle mass decreases and thus the voice quality deteriorates. Can this loss be delayed or even reversed with practice?
How do we fight the Japanese knotweed?
Is imprisonment (exclusion) the best way to change behavior and does legislation provide for (satisfaction) revenge?
What should the bosses of the country do, and at the latest when to ensure that we have healthy air around our school, park and home?
Is the attraction of the black hole faster than the light?
In +/- 3.5 billion years, Andromeda will collide with the Milky Way. What are the consequences for the sun and its planets?
Can't a civilian network be set up to measure and collect key air and environmental quality indicators on a permanent basis?
Why do the U.Z. no chelations to make people healthier? - Denise VW
What does science do with so many research results? What importance criteria are maintained for their follow-up? How can science communicate with the citizen who is entitled to medical information that matters? Denise VW
Suppose we tell a group of people that we want 70% to raise their hand, for example, then we take each person separately and ask if they raise their hand, yes then no. If we question everyone like that, would 70% have actually raised their hands?
What can be done to limit the large amount of particulate matter generated by wood-burning stoves or even to reduce it to (almost) zero?
Can you push hard on a broken cookie so that the pieces stick together again? How hard should you push?
How is it that chickens can lay such thick, hard eggs while they have such a small butt? That must hurt, right?
Why is there no cure for cancer yet?
How many people can the world handle?
Why do we tell children to eat the bread crusts from their sandwiches? What nutrients are in the crust that is so important?
Is it possible to (literally) swim in money?
Is the air clearer at night? Or is the air quality rather a constant, measured every 24 hours?
Why don't we commission large buildings (and others) to set the temperature several degrees higher in the summer: we are dressed lighter and do not need so much air conditioning and vice versa in winter; all over Belgium that is a lot of kW!
Why is the expression "in cows of letters" used? Even when people were still around the church, are there much larger animals, for example in agriculture? #horse
Has any research ever been conducted into whether a dishwasher leaves minuscule harmful components on our cutlery & crockery, which can have long-term adverse health effects through permanent daily use?
How do you detect where a cat has sprayed at home? You can smell it - unfortunately - but you don't always see it ...
What is money depreciation?
How much do all insects weigh together and how much all people together?
Why does Flanders so often have to deal with water and mud misery?
Can intensive agriculture erosion lead to the destruction of a civilization?
Is dyeing your hair healthy?
What is the impact of hair dye on the environment?
Why should there be no moss or flowers in a lawn for a large part of the people?
Is there actually a non-harmful weed killer?
Isn't it time for the government to put a leaflet in every letterbox to inform people about the effect of herbicide on health and the environment?
How is it that nothing has yet been found that makes it possible for man to fly.
Is there an efficient way to combat global warming?
Where does all that aquatic life suddenly come from, eg when you dig a pool, far away from other water.
Why is the speed of light the highest possible speed?
Is mimicry also a result of natural selection?
Is it enough to wash underwear at 40 °?
How can you prevent predators from stealing young birds from bird nest boxes?
How come people dare to write on social media things they would never do out there?
When it comes to integration, the idea of 'the norms and values of our society' sometimes falls. But what does that mean?
Why do certain poisonous species have a venom so powerful that recipients of the venom many times larger can die from it?
Our plants still get all those healthy substances, now that there are many in the greenhouse and no longer receive direct sun ... as it had been for millions of years.
to what extent are the plant-specific processes on a tree disrupted in an overexposed world?
Was anything smoked in Europe before the discovery of America?
What has proven to be the most efficient form of treatment so far to remedy performance anxiety?
A few years ago, EMDR turned out to be the new super therapy: to what extent has this therapy been able to live up to its reputation?
Can hypnosis ever prove effective in sober, critical individuals?
Why do all planets have a round shape?
Do we still get all healthy substances in our food, now that many plants are grown in the greenhouses?
Has statistical research been conducted on crowdfunding projects? Do they have a high chance of success?
How and why do cysts develop?
Does street lighting affect the growth of the plants in my vegetable garden?
Where do gifted highly sensitive people find good love?
How can procrastination be explained?
Can someone who has never learned a language think abstractly?
How deep is a black hole?
How does gravity occur? Can you generate the power? Or is it a dimension? or a wave? How much gravity is there in the center of the Earth?
What is between the electrons and the nucleus of an atom? Do those electrons move as we learned in school? And why don't those protons fly apart (equal charges repel each other)?
How is E = MC2 proven? How can we be sure that there is nothing faster than light? We can't perceive it?
How malleable and directed is the news?
Does day cream have a longer-term effect?
Why do we cry when we are sad?
Does your IQ stay the same all your life or does it change as you get older?
What happens in our brain when we form a conclusion?
At some point in the movie The Martian, the airlock is flung away by a leak in the inflatable structure. Is that possible if one knows that the air pressure on Mars is only one tenth of the pressure on Earth.
Who are the key animals?
How can cats be prevented from putting their feces in private beds or grass? Taking a dog is not an option because I do not have enough energy to go out with the dog every day.Products from stores do not help.
May I propose to science to cooperate more with each other that can lead to better results for the benefit of less healthy people, eg Physics, the Leschermeetlat can measure intolerances that can make people sick, Denise VW
Can you prevent or reduce hearing loss with age? Is a preventive or curative medicine being sought in this context? Is arteriosclerosis due to high cholesterol possibly also at the basis of hearing loss?
How can one ensure that there are enough metals to supply the world's population with necessary materials for everyone's minimum prosperity?
Glucosamine Helps Repair or Maintain Cartilage: Fact or Fiction?
How do you know in advance in which direction the air will move when you open a window: in or out?
Fertility: many young couples have an unfulfilled desire to have children. IVF is often a solution. Is man deteriorating? Is it always getting worse? Can this be stopped or reversed?
ADHD: Many young people today are diagnosed with ADHD and the like. In the past (30 years ago) people hardly heard that. What has changed with humans? Something in our diet? Less human resistance? Evolution?
How can second-hand sales be made more sexy?
How can the service economy be made more sexy?
Why do many cut flowers come from Africa?
Weeds: the municipalities are no longer allowed to use sprays. Our roadsides, sidewalks, hedges, cycle paths are miserable. Can the scientists find anything about that?
Why can't mainstream medicine and alternative medicine even join hands for the benefit of the patient? When possible with herbs, phytotheratpie, ... why should artificial pills be taken?
Belgium has enormous light pollution. The Melkweg is no longer visible in Flanders. Insects (including bees and other pollinators), but also animals (including people) suffer from this pollution. How can we turn that around?
Why are there seemingly everywhere deep, wide canals that are usually not even a bottom of water?
Why do we always see the same side of the moon?
arbeidzorg
If it is warmer my heart rate is higher, does the heart of someone living in the south beat more or that of someone in the north?
To encourage music CD sales, I thought it would be a good idea if a small percentage of an artist's CDs sell a UNIQUE SECRET CODE that allows the buyer to win an exclusive dinner party with that artist.
Why have we not yet found a solution for superconductivity?
How come we have 5 fingers on each hand? What was the evolutionary advantage of our 5 "end" precursors over peers with 4 or 6?
Can bacteria also get sick?
How did our cities come about and evolve into today's urban landscapes?
How did our current landscape come about?
How did people deal with migration in the past?
Scientific research has always influenced the future and has accelerated itself through technological progress. What will the future of science actually look like (how will science in itself evolve)?
"Your gut is a second brain." New hype or solid scientific basis?
Can you make a robot that can do all the chores, that can protect you and that can escape from a maze?
How do you make medicines?
Is there a medicine to run faster?
Are there wolves in our country?
How did the world start?
Can you make a machine that can make you stronger (like Mega Mindy)?
How can the policy contribute to a safe and secure old age?
What is the influence of stress during the life course on the biological aging process, and what are the implications for physical and mental health in the elderly (long-term longitudinal research).
Why can one only submit complaints to the Flemish agency for people with a disability up to 1 year after the facts?
why is it so difficult to cure a skin disease like psoriasis?
Numerous scientifically substantiated studies show that poor green management and poor air quality are responsible for almost all declines in numerous wildlife populations. Where is the social commitment to counter this?
Can we not solve our major problems (global warming, CO2 emissions from the polluted sea ...) by combating overcrowding with a 1-child policy?
How much energy is needed to produce 1 liter of gasoline? If we use this energy to charge EV, do we have energy left or too short?
How can one fight cyber crime while protecting the privacy of citizens?
Why is it that although recumbent bicycles are much easier to cycle because of, among other things, less air resistance, than the regular upright bicycle, the recumbent bicycle has never really broken through?
Mental illness leads to drug addiction, crime and is very expensive for society. What can we do to end the mental illness?
How can we promote equal opportunities for all?
How can we farm so that it provides us with healthy and affordable food that is produced in a correct and sustainable way?
How does artificial intelligence work? Can A.I. discover processes, both physicist and others, that a person does not understand?
How can science stop the war?
Is faster than light possible? Or is there another way to reach other stars in a reasonable time?
Why do you thicken from cortisones (infiltrations)? Can this have a lasting effect?
What is quantum entanglement?
Will we soon be able to have our own DNA analyzed to know which genetic diseases we are carriers of?
Where is the limit of technological evolution?
How do species and populations survive in an environment of increasing urbanization? Does the change in their habitat affect their genetic variation? If so, in what way and to what extent?
Are animal species becoming more vulnerable to extinction due to climate changes?
Why is it that populations and individuals of plant and animal species can adapt so quickly while the genetic information (genome or DNA) between individuals and populations differs little?
How likely is it that the return of certain game species such as the fox, the wolf, the wild boar,… will lead to an increase in zoonoses such as tick-borne encephalitis, Lyme disease, rabies, ...?
How about Pygmies and Bushmen in the tropical forests?
Can you fill all the oceans on Earth with all the urine produced by all the dinosaurs that have ever lived?
Can birds hiccup? (Felix 3 years)
Will the nuclear power plant at Doel be flooded by climate change and rising sea levels? If yes, what are the consequences for people, the environment, ...?
What additional technology can be created to neutralize the exhaust gases from the first 10 km of each car journey that have not yet been absorbed by the catalytic converter, so that the entire fleet worldwide no longer causes pollution?
When and why did consciousness arise?
Is the universe infinite?
Why is the world round like a ball?
Where does CO₂ come from?
Why was the court created?
Why is electricity generated?
How is the Earth made?
How is water made?
Why is there (still) war in the world?
Why is it snowing in winter?
How did the world start?
How did magic come about?
Can we ever trust Artificial Intelligence with decision making?
Is everything available currently invested in science?
How can the war stop?
Will we ever be able to make good medicines?
How did they get inspired to make Netflix?
How did man originate?
When you look at the sun and look away again, you see a strange place in front of your eyes. Why?
How did the Earth originate?
What can we do about the rise in terror, violence and fear?
When will the world end?
How does a solar eclipse occur?
Will we ever be able to fly at the speed of light?
How could you make things float without using your hands?
How did the big bang come about?
Can current / future technology already allow aircraft to take off and land electrically (range of 2 times 15 km)?
How fast can horses run?
Why is there so much green chlorophylls and so little red in nature?
Will we ever be able to cure cancer with only plants?
Where wasps go in the winter?
Why do all medicines have side effects?
How long can we continue to live on earth if we continue to do so?
We are made up of molecules, molecules are made up of atoms, atoms are made up of nuclei with an electron cloud around them ... Those electrons orbit around the nucleus. So there is 'space' between the electrons. Why don't we sink through the ground?
If we were able to use the full capacity of our brain, what would the world look like?
Which policies could encourage companies to produce greener / more environmentally friendly?
How can we ensure that people die without pain or other physical and emotional symptoms and according to their wishes?
When will science develop packaging material with similar properties to plastic but fully biodegradable?
Can a car also run on water?
Which sustainable measures will be taken to ensure that the waste processing of solar panels runs smoothly in the coming decades?
If one executes the fully foreseen energy transition program in Flanders, what will the cost be, and if the efficiency of the plan had to reach 100%, what would the global average temperature decrease be?
How do you get a knife, lancet or other tool so fine (and sharp) to cut the facet eye of a fruit fly, for example, to view or examine it?
Can legal maturity be raised from 18 to 21?
Can the Helicobacter Pylori bacteria cause iron deficiency?
Why are the images from surveillance cameras (still) so blurry?
Is sleeping outside healthier for younger children than sleeping indoors? This in both an urban and rural context?
Can't farmers be encouraged to reserve a piece of meadow for bees (with hive)?
Why are people so sensitive to addiction (sugar, alcohol, TV, drugs, ...)?
Is a headache a recent health complaint or did people also suffer from it in the past?
Plastic from the market
How can the world of science convince politicians / rulers of power so that they consider the future of the earth / people more important than power and money? The evidence is abundant, but the approach will have to change to create a mindswitch.
Answers to scientific questions are often nuanced. How can scientists ensure that the general public gets those nuances? That the public has an eye for nuance? And who do we need to take care of that?
Can we ever avoid all accidents by making all cars self-driving? Do you still have to be 18 years old to drive or have a driver's license?
How can we interest people in plants?
How can we bring the importance of biodiversity to toddlers?
What are the ecosystem services of plants?
Do natural ecosystems provide more services to people than disrupted ecosystems?
If the beeches disappear from Belgium due to climate change, will there no longer be any bolets?
Given the climatic changes, which trees should we plant in our forests?
What can I plant in my own garden, responding to future climate changes?
Which plants play a positive role in the fight against climate change and how can we motivate citizens to use / plant / ... more?
Will trees grow in Antarctica again soon?
Which fruit trees should we plant in our garden for the future?
What is the contribution of wild diversity to our food?
Can we develop new edible plants from genetically modified plants?
Are genetically modified plants good or bad for the future of humans and the planet?
Can we all move by car within 30 years?
How can citizens use genetically modified plants in a smart way? Who informs him in a scientifically correct manner?
Which food crops are endangered by climate change? And what can we do about it?
What concrete interventions can I make in my small garden to contribute to clean air (in the context of a healthy ecosystem and biodiversity)?
Can citizens be motivated to think and act for a healthy living environment?
How important are forests for a healthy environment?
How can I contribute to improving the quality of my living environment?
Does the natural forest ecosystem have the most interesting biodiversity?
Is a city park as useful as a natural forest?
How can science cooperate to stop the effects of climate change?
Should we close our borders to non-native plant species?
Which plants should we plant in the cities and towns so that they survive climate change?
Are plants that grow in the city unsuitable or dangerous for consumption due to the air pollution in the cities?
How many trees does a city need to neutralize car exhaust fumes?
Is it useful to draw up a plant plan per region in function of the identified pollution?
Will seaweeds become the food of the future?
Which plants will be the food of the future?
Can we keep feeding mankind eternally with plants?
Do plants grow better with more CO2 in the air? Is there also an increased food production?
Can I grow plants in my pond that contain nutrients as they are found in seaweeds?
Which plants are important for our future? And what should be done with it?
How reliable are wrist blood pressure monitors?
To what extent will our ethical values and norms slow down the progress of science (eg cloning, privacy, ...)?
Can Alzheimer's disease be prevented?
Weak laughter, chuckling, roaring laughter ... what makes the difference? Is that a chemical reaction in your brain? Why is there so much difference in a sense of humor between people? Can that be defined then? And why can't animals laugh?
How rich are the animal languages? How many different ideas, things or concepts can they communicate? How does it change between the animal classes?
Female singers often no longer have the same vocal range after pregnancy as before. So pregnancy can change the voice. Is it already known how this happened correctly?
The equality of today (the solution) is almost never the equality of tomorrow, so being able to keep adjusting is a kind of way to happiness. Are there pills for that?
Do you need a consciousness to think?
Is it possible to install a screen between 4 satellite tent in space, between earth and sun. Eg. Screen to shield the North Pole from the sun. This allows the ice to grow back and the temperature to drop again.
What about the legislation in Belgium on tiny houses at the moment? Can we legally buy a small piece of land with a tiny house on it? If not, when can we expect a legal framework in this regard?
Can we identify cognitive and neurological disabilities such as autism and ADHD in ancient societies based on what we now know about these disabilities?
Is there a chance that lightning strikes a wind turbine? And if so, could it be that this breaks off a wick and flies away?
When does a manifestation / event appear in the journal? Sometimes a manifestation of 200 people in the news is on TV and another about a completely different socially relevant theme is simply not mentioned anywhere ....
How fast does a house spider grow?
What does the ideal zero waste (near) future look like?
Is it true that during the First World War there were hardly any Belgian nurses in our country, and that especially British nurses worked in Belgian hospitals?
Is the air in metro stations and metro trains healthy?
How is it that time always seems to go faster? Is that much faster for grandma?
How do writers write?
How can we offer equal opportunities to vulnerable children?
How do you know your last hour has been beaten?
How can we ensure that workers in low-wage countries receive a fair salary?
Why do Flemings, when they speak to 'you', seem more polite than Dutch?
How do foreign-language newcomers best learn Dutch?
How can we ensure that schools are professional learning communities? What factors stimulate a professional learning community?
What is the relationship between language and identity?
Does the thirty-something dilemma really exist?
How can lecturers differentiate in lectures?
How is it that the sea has a relaxing effect on many people?
How can we detect ovarian cancer in time?
How does ALS develop and how can we cure it?
How can we ensure an inclusive (re) society in which there is room for everyone?
How can we ensure strong education for everyone?
How can we increase our students' reading skills?
How can we prevent school fatigue?
What do the intestines say about humans? What is the relationship between the gut and the brain of man?
With a heat wave or cold front, the death rates are higher, how does the weather affect us even more?
What is the relationship between reading skills and spelling?
How useful are language and dialect promotion in education and in society?
Why does the sound of a wind turbine irritate one person and not the other?
To what extent do homosexuals, transgenders have the sex hormones that their sex suggests and, on the other hand, do they have no genetic defects on XX or XY chromosomes that have not revealed the intended sex characteristics?
How can one explain the phenomenon in which you have the feeling of being watched while the person concerned is outside your field of vision and if you then spontaneously turn around or look up, this feeling turns out to be correct?
The sun is the source of all energy. Is it possible to "recreate" the sun here on Earth with a mixture of hydrogen gas, helium, ...?
How do we reduce light pollution?
Do children born through IVF inherit the fertility problems from (one of) their parents? if so, is that a problem?
An earthworm is constantly crawling through the ground. If you happen to find it above ground, it will look nice and shiny. If you happen to scoop it up while weeding, it will be full of sand. How did that happen? Is that harmful to that worm?
Why are gender studies relevant in archeology?
What causes autoimmune diseases? What is the origin of the antibodies that are formed?
Why are the electric cars as expensive as they are the cars of the future?
Why is there no more research on metabolic diseases?
How can it be explained that despite all the technological developments of the last decades and in particular digital developments, productivity growth and thus economic growth slowed down and the predictions are also poor?
Will people evolve further later?
How can we solve the traffic jams?
When will we investigate and possibly legalize the effect of cannabis in the medical world?
Does free will exist?
Is there a way to prevent / postpone age diseases?
Why can't nuclear waste be recycled?
Why can't nuclear power plants supply electricity without causing nuclear waste?
How much faith can we place on organic food?
Is there an effective remedy for ticks and the spread of Lyme disease?
How can we prevent visual impairment?
Could we live on another planet in our lives?
Children's teeth are sealed (sealing), can this also be 'made' for adults?
Can the earth become healthy again?
What would life look like in the future?
Why is the sky blue?
How can we get rid of all the waste?
Can fatigue be measured?
What to do about adrenal fatigue?
Are the rubber granules on an artificial turf field really that harmful?
What is believed to be the closest extraterrestrial life?
Why is there no test yet for detection of all cancers?
What can we do about pollution?
More cars are getting electricity. But without nuclear power plants, we already have too little electricity. How is that solved?
How do you avoid dozing off behind the car steering wheel? Some kind of alarm?
For my sport (archery) I depend on my material. How can this be tested better / faster?
Why is science split into the domains it is split into? Is this still the most suitable way to solve complex problems?
How can we reduce the risk of a heart attack?
How will man look physically after 200 years?
In what language do people born deaf think?
Does everyone see the same shades of a color? In other words for example, is red the same for everyone?
How do I get a beer cold right away?
When will there be a cure for dementia?
How do we restore respect for each other and the elderly?
Children do not do enough sports. What are you doing about it?
How can you show a blind man back?
Is global warming still dissolving?
Will cancer ever be curable?
How do we ensure that there is no traffic jam for 3 hours in the morning and evening?
How can we apply humor even more in science?
How can we teach people in a fun way to give help in emergency situations?
Which form of learning best contributes to a positive growth process of the student (simulation, e-learning, virtual or augmented reality)?
Can neurology mean more for psychiatry?
What can mothers do if they are unexpectedly pregnant and give birth to a disabled child?
How do we ecologically solve the traffic problem in Flanders?
Can we purify the watercourses even more?
How do we solve overcrowding?
How to eliminate plastic?
Why are cycle paths still being built at right angles, or sometimes even sharp corners (!)?
How can underprivileged mothers / pregnant women be better reached?
How can we efficiently map the multitude of information available today to advance scientific research across disciplines?
Is the use of alternating mattresses affective to prevent bedsores?
How do we give students a better insight into the possibilities in health care?
How many people die because of 'mistakes' in healthcare?
Can simulation training be an added value in healthcare?
How can we achieve a 100% patient-safe care environment?
How can we use serious gaming in healthcare?
How do we get rid of disabilities / disabilities?
Does e-learning offer better results than practical education?
How can the transfer from experiential learning to effective client practice be promoted?
Can proper training be made for people-friendly buildings (for older people and children, eg stairs without railings, ...)?
It is said that allergy originates from a too clean lifestyle, but it is not the result of additives, pesticides, medicines, .. in our food, air pollution, toxic substances that overload the immune system
How are we going to solve the food problem?
Would it not be appropriate to bring the age of sexual majority to the age indicated by nature, that is, when the woman can become pregnant?
Did dinosaurs eat fish?
How many dinosaurs have there ever been in the world?
How did plants ever originate?
Why do cats have whiskers?
Which dinosaurs ate meat? Was the T-Rex a carnivore or a herbivore?
How much damage can noise bring to people every day?
Which dinosaur came first? How did it come about?
How can we use nuclear waste efficiently?
How can we achieve a just food distribution?
Which seeds and plants were there in the world before?
Why do we sleep? Why hasn't that evolved yet?
Did dinosaurs eat plants or flowers?
How did dinosaurs become extinct?
How do we get rid of hunger? How can this be worked on internationally?
When is there going to be a well-researched study to demonstrate the need for early nuclear shutdown?
Why doesn't the voice in our head sound like our own?
What time savings would it provide if, in the case of train delays, (a) 2, 4 or 6 tracks in Bru-Centraal remain free for through trains between Bru-Noord and Bru-Zuid, and (b) travelers first the frequent trains from Centraal to Noord or Zuid? take?
How did the iconic and productive Paul Erdős influence mathematics in the medium to long term?
What is a conscience, and does everyone develop one?
How can we better understand the building blocks of symmetry?
How sustainable are the holiday parks with individual holiday homes?
Why are electric bicycles stolen? and by who?
Gray hair, do they grow gray or do hair turn gray?
Can science prove that plants are as indispensable to humans as animals?
Is there a way to combat climate change?
What measures are needed to protect our native flora and fauna?
Why is there no vaccine against Lyme disease yet?
Can the following still happen after death, and if so, for how long: electrical activity (potential differences), reflexes, hair growth, nail growth?
Will climate change on Earth allow humans to take a new step in their evolution?
How long will we use petroleum for?
How is the expiry date of a product determined?
Does Dutch influence the Turkish and Moroccan of the migrants who came to Belgium?
Is the 5-second rule fact or fiction?
In addition to battery limitations, is it possible to develop electric motors that can power planes and cargo ships?
What do the names of places, municipalities and cities say about the history and geography of our country?
How can you determine the expiration date of self-made products?
How do anti-diarrhea pills work?
Is slime that you make yourself with glue and eyeglass as safe as toy packages with all ingredients in it?
Is it true what Philippe Geubels said: men who have to go to hospital under general anesthesia are examined by student doctors to know how a normal prostate feels?
Which mechanisms determine whether two or more species will compete within a biotope if one species does not serve as food for the other?
Why does money exist? and Why do we have to work?
Money is made every day. Then why are there still poor people?
Where does your character / personality originally come from? Delphine 11 years old
What would my world look like if I had chosen something else a second ago? Delphine 11 years old
Why do people make war? It is dangerous! Emmanuel 9 years
how many inventions are invented per day? day k
Can the North Sea offer a solution to the increasing demand for food, for example through aquaculture of seaweeds?
To what extent do seaweeds offer a healthy and tasty vegetarian alternative to meat and fish?
Once cut, certain grasses dry to hay in the sun. Why does this only happen with certain types of grass, which processes take place and to what extent does the grass differ chemically from the hay?
Can bioplasty solve the plastic waste problem?
Why become chronically ill without diagnosis; so let down by everyone and everything?
Which system could offer a solution for more workable work, with not only sufficient flexibility for combining work with the home environment but also a high involvement of personnel with the company where they work?
How much economy is in medicine and is it healthy?
Is it possible to feed the world population if no one would eat meat or fish anymore?
What is the history of the domestic dog? Is he a descendant of the wolf?
How can the bees be prevented from extinction?
What is the most efficient energy source for a car?
How does hypnosis work? Why are some individuals more receptive to it than others
How can we ensure that new treatments for serious diseases (such as cancer) remain affordable?
How can we make poverty disappear in Belgium?
How can we create more connection between different groups in our society?
Why is the moon's orbit exactly equal to the rotation frequency, so that we always see the same side?
Can you use an umbrella when walking through a thunderstorm?
How can artificial intelligence be applied to closed-loop anesthesia for both general anesthesia and sedation management for intensive care?
Good education is important. What is good education?
What could the world look like if there is no crime at all? Apply this for example to Belgium.
What could the world look like if all countries in the world agreed to never again go to war and every country could trust and act accordingly.
Is sugar-rich food carcinogenic or not?
Is the cause of autism and / or ADHD in an allergic reaction from a certain diet? And therefore the question is whether an adjustment of the power supply can solve this problem.
Why do European countries not spend their money for the refugee flow on the spot in those countries of origin of those refugees?
Does advertising really work?
Is there a possibility to oblige vaccinations against, for example, TB (which no longer existed in Europe!) And other diseases for the whole world with possible sanctions via the United Nations or the like?
Is it conceivable that a healthy diet is added to human rights?
Map the history of modern discrete mathematics.
Which factors determine the study choice of young people?
How can it be explained that the ancient Egyptians were able to make perfect sculptures, from very small to colossal in size, while they could not display perspective in their hieroglyphics?
How do you as a person break free from the dictatorship of the ego?
Why do silver earrings oxidize when you don't wear them, but don't seem to do so as long as you wear them?
Large greenhouses are a major source of light pollution. Can that be done differently?
When hail threatens to fall, you can hear air guns going off in areas where a lot of horticulture or fruit growing is involved. How can such a cannon impact clouds 10 to 15 km away?
To what extent are animal experiments still necessary? How many of those tests still happen because the law / rules prescribe them, while reliable alternatives meanwhile exist?
Mandatory deradicalisation, can that work? Where is the limit with indoctrination?
Why are animals or plants that are exterminated or endangered here, but that still exist in neighboring countries, not reintroduced?
Will there be a 'next generation' solar panels on the way? Are they worth waiting for? How do you follow that up as an end consumer? How can you assess solar panels?
Can people who play a lot of video games lose their sense of reality?
How can we slow down the aging process?
Will people discover infinity?
Are we getting a biomechanical heart?
Are all diseases combated? How can we fight all diseases?
How do I get rid of cancer?
How can we stop overcrowding?
Could the earth recover faster if there are more plants and trees?
When you open a plastic bottle, very small pieces of plastic fall into the water. What effect does that have on us?
Is the universe infinite?
Why can't we actually do things that can't be done in real life and only in movies?
Why do people stink?
If anti-matter is the opposite of matter and the world is matter, then what is the opposite of our world? What is the relationship between matter and anti-matter?
Algae, duckweed, ... are high in protein. Can we make famine disappear with this?
Why isn't science working to solve the fresh water shortage for people in Africa?
Why are people annoying? Why do we sometimes experience people as annoying?
Which came first, the chicken or the egg?
Why do cats dream? Do cats dream about things other than dogs?
Is life a 7 minute flashback to your real death that feels long?
Is it possible to make a contraceptive without risks?
Are things (eg body hair) removed from our body by evolution?
How much is pi?
How do you make and keep as many friends as possible (not via Facebook)?
exist "glow in the dark" plants and could provide them with lighting.
In 2008, Miranda A. Farage et al. Discovered that there are receptors for estrogen in many organs and cell types. Is that also the case for progesterone, follicle stimulating hormone and for luteinizing hormone?
What would happen (in the short and longer term) if there were no more borders and free migration was possible?
Where do dark matter and dark energy hypotheses come from when we have no idea what their properties would be?
How is it determined whether a certain radiation is dangerous or not? Often we only know for sure after many years of observation.
Organs / cell types have estrogen receptors. Is that also the case for progesterone, FSH and LH? Does this mean that hormone changes in the female cycle, in addition to reproduction, also influence the functioning of the woman (thinking / feeling / behavior)?
What is the most environmentally friendly way to accelerate by car to the desired speed (e.g. motorway entrance)?
Do fish and seafood from aquaculture contain less microplastics than fish and seafood from the sea?
Are microfibre cloths harmful to the environment?
Are nano coatings used to keep buildings / cars / boats ... clean harmful to the environment?
How do you kill a snail without letting the animal suffer needlessly?
My question logged in and all...